[music]
The AI story is so dominant right now.
>> The market is punishing anybody who
decides not to play in AI.
>> AI is going to be a defining [music]
trend probably for the next 5, 10, 20
years.
>> You have to own a little bit of
everything, not just tech. Earnings grow
is going to be better next year than
people expect. Right now, I think it's,
you know, [music] we're in pretty good
position. This is Bloomberg Surveillance
with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. [music]
Coming into Tuesday, stocks meet
gravity. Equities pulling back following
a mega cap tech rally as Wall Street
bosses are putting a spotlight on
extended valuations. [music]
The capital of American capitalism is on
the brink of voting in a socialist. It's
election day in America [music] and
>> a lot of focus here in New York City,
especially just because of the uh sort
of local bias is very interesting from a
local perspective. There is a larger
issue [music] at play. We talk all about
the K-shaped economy on this show. Every
economist comes on and talks about that.
How each party is dealing with that is
fracturing the insides of both the
Republicans and the Democrats. And right
now, what you see is a fight for the
heart of the Democratic party in a very
real way.
>> This is true and it has been for a long
[music] time. It's an unequal economy.
It's an unequal stock market as well and
we've seen that in a performance of the
last week or so dominated by mega cap
tech.
>> What you're seeing is mega cap tech
reporting earnings that have come in
better than good. And repeating uh the
dominance that we've seen yesterday was
a great example. ISM manufacturing came
in weaker than expected pretty much
across the board. The employment
component pointed to job losses for the
year when [music] it came to
manufacturing, the area that was
supposed to be the bastion of the
economy right now. And so you're seeing
the rest of the 493 do poorly [music]
while the MAG 7 rally. This has been the
story all year and it's a question of
can it continue or is something going to
break.
>> Broad Marcus starting to break just a
little bit just like a little bit a tiny
bit maybe. We're down about a 1% [music]
on the S&P 500. The push back begins.
David Solomon of Goldman technology
multiples are [music] full. Morgan
Stanley's Ted Pick a gentleman you know
well Brammo markets seem expensive.
[music] They say all those things. The
day after we saw a monster debt issue
come from Alphabet. The week after we
saw the same thing from Meta.
>> Yeah. And you saw the push back
yesterday. Massive push back from the
investment grade bond market. Spreads
widened by four [music] basis points in
response to the latest huge issuance
that you see coming out of big tech.
Look, they're also talking their book.
They don't sound pessimistic. These uh
Wall Street CEOs are coming out and
saying [music] it seems like things are
a little frothy. No one wants to buy
into valuations that are this high. And
yet person after person has come on the
show and [music] said there is no
alternative because ultimately we don't
see a reason for this to fall apart
anytime soon. So to the extent that
they're talking about a 10 to 15%
drawback, oh Keller, the reality is
they're all going to be jumping in to
buy that and it seems like none of them
are saying this is something to really
[music] uh cry about.
>> We'll see if this pullback sticks this
morning at least so far at 6:02 Eastern
time. Tuesday morning we're down about
1% on the S&P 500. [music]
Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with
Henry Allen of Deutsche Bank as the
equity rally hits a snag. The former New
York City Mel candidate Whitney Tilson
as election day arrives and Torson stock
of Apollo on the potential for further
rate cuts. We begin this hour with
stocks pulling back from near all-time
highs as Wall Street bosses issue a
fresh warning on rich valuations and a
possible draw down.
>> Of course, it is likely there'll be, you
know, a 10 to 20% draw down in equity
markets sometime in the next 12 to 24
months. We should also welcome the
possibility that there would be draw
downs 10 to 15% draw downs that are not
driven by some sort of macro cliff
effect.
>> Joining us now to discuss Henry Allen,
macro strategist at Deutsche Bank.
Henry, I feel like this is a move
looking to find a narrative. How would
you describe this to clients this
morning? What is this pullback so far
today?
>> I think this is actually just a kind of
normal regular pullback that you're
going to get in any normal bull run. I
mean, at the end of the day, you're not
going to hit all-time highs day after
day after day. We've had over 30 this
year. So getting these kind of
pullbacks, which in the grand scheme of
this relentless bull run are pretty
modest. We're still only around 2% off
the all-time highs of the S&P is to be
expected. But, you know, if we look at
the macro fundamentals right now, they
do remain pretty strong. Uh clearly with
the US China trade truth, the risk of
near-term tariffs has been taken off the
table. We still have the tailwind from
the recent Fed rate cuts, another 50
bits already this year, even if they
don't cut in December. And actually a
lot of the activity data at a global
level has been pretty good. I was struck
for instance in Europe uh that the uh
the flash PMI actually uh the composite
PMI was at a 2-year high. So actually
the ISO manufacturing yesterday a little
bit weaker than expected but you know I
appreciate the data has been limited out
of the US but that has actually been the
exception rather than the rule and I
think that fundamental bullish backdrop
does remain in place.
>> Henry at the same time a thing we have
to take note when a stock falls on good
news not bad news. Palanteer and the
earnings from Palanteer wasn't bad at
all. If you go through the numbers
relative to expectations, then you see
the the move this morning and the stock
is down by six or seven%. Does that
speak to full valuations? What do you
think that speaks to?
>> I think you always get these moments
where single headlines can create a lot
of fear. I mean, I remember back in uh
early in the year before the liberation
day terminal, we had the deepseek uh AI
model released and there was a very big
temporary pullback in tech stocks that
proved to be very shortlived. People
thought this might be a new big
narrative shift and it wasn't. But, you
know, thinking about those CEO warnings
you played just before this. You know,
if you think about what has generated,
you know, 15% draw downs for the S&P in
recent decades, it's usually taken one
of three things. One is a recession,
which there's no sign of yet. The
Atlanta Fed's GDP track are actually at
3.9% in Q3. Another is fears of a
recession like we saw after liberation
day, but you know, no one's seriously
talking about a recession right now. And
the other third component that has gone
with that is Fed rate hikes. So a lot of
the selloffs we've seen in recent years,
so 2015 16, late 2018, and indeed 2022
most notably have gone hand inhand with
Fed rate hikes. But you know, they're
not talking about hiking anytime soon.
If anything, obviously with a new Fed
chair coming in next year, the direction
of travel remains pretty doubbish.
>> We'll talk about the Fed in just a
second, but it's not just the big Wall
Street CEOs that are talking about this.
I actually took more notice at a story
that came out this morning that Michael
Bur of the big short fame is shorting
Palunteer and Nvidia shares. And he's
coming out and talking about valuations,
but he's also kind of leaning into a
narrative that increasing number of
people have talked about, which is this
K-shaped market can't continue. you have
to see some monetization of the
software, of the hardware in order to
keep this AI trend going. Do you think
there's validity in that that maybe some
of the winners need to take a pause and
there needs to be a transfer in terms of
stock market leadership?
>> I think to some extent there is, but I
think a lot of the comparisons to the
dotcom bubble are really quite overegged
at the moment. So for instance, you
know, the NASDAQ is up by 23% year to
date so far. Now, that's very healthy.
But in 1999, we had the NASDAQ up 85%
that year. And in the final seven or
eight months of the com bubble, the
NASDAQ literally doubled. So, I don't
think the gains we're seeing, you know,
can really be compared to what we saw at
the time of the com bubble. And another
key difference between now and then is
back then, uh, you know, a lot of the
assumptions that valuations rested on
was a belief that 4% growth, as we saw
in the mid to late 90s, would continue
forever. you know forecasts from
reputable people like the Fed were
saying that would continue well into the
2000s but then as we know in retrospect
we had that downturn uh in 20201 and
there was a recession whereas again
today you know valuations are not
resting on continued 4% growth forever
we're kind of in a 2 and a half to 3%
range perhaps with some upside if AI
productivity does lead to a boost and
again there's no recession on the
horizon so clearly if that macro picture
changes and we do get a growth downturn
then I think that would take some of the
underpinninging away but for now you
we're not seeing those relentless
remorseless gains that we saw at the
time of the late '90s.
>> You talked about the other catalyst, the
potential catalyst for an end to the
rally which comes from the Fed and a
potential tightening in Fed policy.
Seems like that is nowhere on the table
as you were mentioning. You did say that
maybe inflation is underappreciated and
that's something that Deutsche Bank has
been talking about quite a bit. What
makes you think that based on the ISM
manufacturing which was the opposite
based on the fact that there is this
K-shaped economy that has put pressure
on any additional price gains that we've
seen in the consumer sector?
>> Well, I think there are still a lot of
inflationary catalysts. I think the
market has been a bit too reassured by
the US China trade truths we saw last
week in some of the other recent data.
But at the end of the day, for instance,
tariffs very still much in the picture.
I know we associate a lot of the tariffs
that have come in with April time, but
actually a lot of the tariffs, for
instance, the 15% on the EU and Japan,
the 10% increase on Canada, the sectoral
tariffs like copper, a lot of those
tariffs only came into effect in August,
and the data we've got only goes up to
September. So, that's still going to be
a theme as we move towards year end, the
Q4 data, and into 2026. On top of that,
we still have the lagged impact of all
the rate cuts. Indeed, it's worth
bearing in mind the Fed have now cut
rates by 150 basis points since
September last year. That is the fastest
pace of rate cuts outside of a recession
since the 1980s. This is not a framework
that we've been used to in recent times.
You've got momentum there, too. The
activity data, you know, still proving
pretty resilient. So, that suggests
demand pressures. And at a global level
as well, you've got factors like the
European fiscal stimulus coming in. So,
you know, as I look around the world
right now, including in the US, I think
there's actually still a lot of
inflationary catalysts on the table, and
I think markets risk ignoring that in
their peril because if we do see
inflation start to tick up again more
than markets expect, I think the risk is
we get a similar hawkish surprise to
what we saw last week where markets were
surprised when Fed Chair Powell took
that December rate cut a bit off the
table, put it in some doubt.
>> Henry, uh, I know that Deutsche Bank
just re-entered a short position on
10-year treasuries and have a target of
4.4. 45%. I'm just wondering is that
enough to continue the selloff that
we're seeing this morning in risk assets
given the underappreciation as you've
been saying of inflationary risks.
>> I mean that's an interesting question. I
think that the key question particularly
as we move forward into next year is do
we get that reaceleration the economy
because one thing I've been struck by in
this postcoid cycle is that consistently
particularly in the US the macro picture
surprise on the upside. So even in 2022
though we had the fastest Fed rate hikes
in a generation which previously had
always led to recession they pulled off
the soft landing just about. Then in 23
and 24 we had stellar equity gains. You
know the S&P 500 rising backto-back 20%
for the first time since the late 90s.
So again that macro picture has been
very strong. And again this year you
know even though we had genuine fears of
a recession around liberation day the
biggest trade shock since the 19th
century. Again the economy has been
remarkably resilient. So actually I do
think there is upside potential for
yields as we look forward uh to the rest
of this year into next year. And
actually I'm sure that last year when
the Fed cut rates actually it was the
point they were cutting rates that
actually proved to be the low for yields
from then onwards they picked up again.
So I definitely think there's a valid
case for that.
>> Henry enjoyed this. Thank you sir. Henry
Allen there of Deutsche Bank. Henry
touching on something super important
coming out of the pandemic. We have
consistently underestimated the strength
and resilience of the US economy and
we've done it time after time.
>> Yeah and this is the reason why some
people are saying that maybe the
inflationary concerns are going to cause
some sort of selloff in bond markets
that have been pretty quiet. I mean,
we've seen the Fed cut rates and we've
actually seen bond yields in the long
end go down. So, here's the question. Is
the resilience in the right parts of the
economy to allow inflation to keep going
up because there is a huge bifurcation
and we keep talking about it and we'll
keep talking about it throughout the
morning.
>> Bono's down so far this morning by three
basis points at the front end of the
curve. We're down three on twos to 357.
On 10, we're down two to about 4.1%.
That's the price action. Let's get you
an update on news worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Wall Street executives
warning of an equity pullback. Goldman
Sachs CEO David Solomon and the Morgan
Stanley boss Ted [music] Pic expecting a
10 to 20% correction in equity markets
over the next 12 to 24 months because of
quote challenging [music] valuations.
Elsewhere, President Donald Trump is
threatening to withhold federal funding
from New York City. It's a lastditch
effort to drive the city's voters to the
former New York City governor, New York
Governor Andrew Cuomo and present
prevent [music] Zoro Mamani from winning
the Maril election. And finally, US
Secretary of State Marco Rubio
reportedly [music] helping persuade the
president to leave Nvidia chips out of
last week's trade talks with China. The
[music] Wall Street Journal reporting
that Rubio warned selling top tier chips
to China could pose a national security
risk. That was [music] in focus brammo
last week. That's why it didn't happen.
>> Yeah. And the idea that there are
multiple voices pushing the win for
Rubio versus Jensen Huang who still is
coming out and saying we hope that he'll
come to his senses and let us do this
and the rest of the administration is
saying please don't. So let's see how
that battle continues.
>> It's good to see that Rubio is still in
charge of foreign policy and not the
[laughter] Nvidia boss right
>> for now. I mean let's see at least
that's something that right there is
your Bloomberg brief. Up next on the
program election day in New York City.
We know and have known for months that
Donald Trump would favor Andrew Cuomo as
the mayor. They share the same SMALL
VISION.
>> TRUMP will go through Mandani like a hot
knife through butter
>> and we can't have that.
>> Up next on the program, the former New
York City mayoral candidate Whitney
Tilson joins us next from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[music]
Live from New York City. Welcome back to
the program. Equity futures rolling
over. We're down about 1% on the S&P
[music] 500, negative by 1.3 on the
NASDAQ. on the Russell down by 1.3. If
you switch up the board and get to the
[music] bond market, it's pretty
defensive this morning. Equities selling
Guff bonds a bit yields are lower by two
basis points. Tends at about 4.08%.
[music] Lisa 2's back to about 357.
>> Yeah, and it follows what we saw from
ISM manufacturing. You could say it's
ISM manufacturing. It's not [music] the
big employment report. And guess what?
It takes on that much more importance
because we're not getting the big
employment report. So here's the
question. Are these peripheral data
points indicating a real weakening in
the underlying economy that's led to
this K-shaped [music] type of market in
addition to a K-shaped economy?
>> That's the latest on the data front. ISM
services [music] still to come this week
about 24 hours away. Equities not doing
so well this morning. Coming up on the
program under surveillance, election day
in [music] New York City.
>> We know and have known for months that
Donald Trump would favor Andrew Cuomo as
the mayor. They share the same donors.
They share the same small vision. They
share the same sense of impunity.
>> Mandami cannot handle Trump. That's
clear. And the next mayor has to be able
to handle Donald Trump. Trump will go
through Mandani like a hot knife through
butter.
>> And we can't have that.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. A
record number of New Yorkers already
casting early ballots for the city's
next mayor. President Trump announcing
his support for Andrew Cuomo, who is
running as an independent and
threatening to withhold federal funding
if frontr runner Democratic socialist
Mamani turns out to win. Whitney Tilson
is a former hedge fund manager and was a
2025 New York City candidate in the
Democratic Mel primary. He joins us now
for more. Whitney, good morning. It's
good to see you.
>> Good morning. Thanks for having me.
>> Thank you for being here. What's at
stake today?
>> Um, well, it's a big day for New York. I
think uh there's going to be a big surge
in turnout and I'm glad to see New
Yorkers are getting politically
involved. Uh early voting was four times
what it was four years ago. Uh I wish
that didn't favor Mandani, but it
probably does as it did in the primary,
but the polls show the race is
tightening. It was 15 points and now the
latest poll just yesterday it's under
five points. So it's not it's not
completely impossible that there could
be a big election day. surprised though
Mum Donny's clearly up five is still a
good place to be going into election
day.
>> You're familiar with the headline on
Wall Street that the capital of American
capitalism is lurching towards
socialism. Does this tell you more about
the mood of the country or the mood of
the Democratic party?
>> Well, and also it tells you something
about the candidates. Um Donnie is a
gifted politician. He identified the the
key issue for New Yorkers is
affordability. And he came up with some
very clear, you know, freeze the rent,
free buses, uh free child care, very
easy slogans. And one thing I learned as
a politician, if you want to win,
promise the maximum number of people the
max amount of free stuff and tell them
they don't have to pay for it. And he
nailed that. And he's been on message.
And uh Cuomo thought he was going to
coast to victory uh coast to victory in
the primary and really didn't even
campaign out there. And by the time I
was raising the alarm in the late stages
of the primary, it was too little too
late.
>> It's simplistic though to say that it's
just promising people freebies and
that's what got some of the attention.
It's also that what Zoran Mani was
talking about wasn't just the anti-Trump
platform. It was the idea of trying to
identify some of these needs. Have you
been disappointed that the Democratic
party hasn't done a better job of
crystallizing those issues and running
on that and not an anti-Trump message?
>> Yes, very much. Um, and I don't think
it's just here in New York we're seeing
it. We're seeing it nationally. I'm a
lifelong Democrat. I ran the Democratic
party to try and drag my party, you
know, back to the center to breadandbut
issues for people rather than social
issues and just attacking Trump. And uh
Manny, to his credit, hasn't spent a lot
of time attacking Trump. That was not
his. It was affordability and a few key
ideas. And in the same way in in from
the opposite side, he's a little like
Trump. You know, Trump was we're going
to build a wall and Mexico is going to
pay for it. And I don't think his
supporters it it actually believed that,
but it was a clear message on the issue
that they cared about. And Mom Donnie
took a page out of that book and is
executed superbly. I got to tip my hat
to him.
>> One thing that uh you do really well is
that you're at the crossroads of Wall
Street and the political scene. And I'm
just wondering how realistic you think
some of the threats are by your
colleagues of leaving New York City if
Zoron Mdani should win. um that will
depend on whether he uh governs as he
has in the past few months as he's
promised to sort of tacking to the
center um and said I will protect the
Jewish population of New York despite
his uh dangerous rhetoric in previous
years. I will not defund the police and
to his credit said he will keep Jessica
Tish. Uh, I'm going to embrace
entrepreneurs and um and businesses as
opposed to, you know, government seizing
all means of production, which is what's
on his his political party, the
Democratic Socialist of America says
that. Uh so I'm cautiously optimistic,
hopeful I would say that if he is
elected, he will try and govern from the
center, keep us safe and keep New York
the incredible um center of
entrepreneurship and finance and trade
and all. Um but there is a risk that you
know a 34 year old guy who's grown up
with the rhetoric of the far left, if he
governs as a radical, I think people
will flee the city and businesses.
>> Alisa, it's already happening. You've
been seeing it now for years. I think a
great stat is that JP Morgan Chase now
has more employees in Texas than it does
in New York State, which 10, 15, 20
years ago might have been shocking to
some people, but that's the reality of
America in 2025.
>> A lot of it has to do with taxes. A lot
of it has to do with certain business
practices that haven't been as friendly.
How much does this accelerate that move
as we've seen? And how much is Zoron
Mandani, if he does win, going to be
sensitive to that, to want those people
to remain to remain an income base for
the for the for the city?
>> It's not just making the city more
competitive with global capitals. is
making this state more competitive with
the other states across this country.
Which goes to Lisa's question, what's
going to stop people from moving?
Whitney, when you were going out there
and campaigning, what are you
campaigning for? What would you like to
see change in this city, in this state
to make sure we attract the best of the
best, not just around the world, but in
this country, too?
>> Yeah. Well, it it starts with u public
safety and not defunding the police.
Defund and dismantle the wicked police
are all things mom Donnie had on his
website. And I said, we knew we need to
do the opposite. we're at a 34-year low
in the number of police officers and we
need 5,000 more police officers. I was
going in the other direction uh on
public safety. Um and then secondly,
look, economic growth is the key to
everything. It's the key to paying for
all the things mom Donnie uh wants and I
would love to deliver free child care to
every New Yorker as well. It's that cost
is crushing people, but you got to be
able to pay for it. So under Mike
Bloomberg, the um taxes doubled, but
that's because the economy doubled
during his uh 12 years. Uh under
Delasio, economic growth slowed from 6%
a year to 2% a year. All of a sudden,
we're running budget deficits. So
creating a businessfriendly environment
is critical. And unfortunately, Mani's
rhetoric is sort of the opposite. and
rhetoric matters when it comes to making
long-term investment decisions about
where to locate your business, whether
to invest in building and hiring people
and so forth. That's that was a key part
of my platform. But um it turns out just
affordability and promising lower costs
uh in a few areas was the winning
message this year and Mdani executed on
it superbly. He was on message.
>> I mentioned JP Morgan. Jamie Diamond
talked about Bill Delasio and he said
something like we survived Bill Delasio,
we'll survive this. Is that too
simplistic?
>> No, it's actually it's my model that my
my working scenario going forward is is
Bomb Donnie will be Delasio 2.0. Uh
little little left uh too far left for
me, but Delasio did not uh mess up this
city. Um, New York uh is still doing
incredibly well and I'm actually much
more optimistic on New York having run
for mayor and spent seven months in
every corner of the city. We're an
incredibly rich, dynamic,
entrepreneurial city and I'm confident
mom is not going to drive everybody out
and mess it up.
>> You know, this is sort of a sensitive
question, but are you surprised to the
degree that the politics around the
Middle East are driving voters in New
York City to a large degree?
Not really because u New York has um the
second largest Jewish population outside
of Tel Aviv in the world. It's about 10%
of the population here. And uh my wife
and children are Jewish. We've been
members of Central Synagogue for 25
years. And Central Synagogue, anytime
you go to services now, there are u not
just a few police officers like there's
paramilitary people out there protecting
us. We have to go through metal
detectors. a fortress because of these
mobs and the rhetoric uh the anti-Israel
rhetoric that Mdani is traffked in.
There's only a there's not not you don't
have to go very far before it becomes
anti-Semitic and uh some of these people
are committing violent acts against New
York's Jewish community. So, it's a big
issue. It's one I hit M Donnie hard on
during the primary. And again, to his
credit, he has said that, you know, job
one for me is going to be protecting all
communities that are under threat,
especially the Jewish community. I'm
hoping he delivers on that.
>> Whitney, it's good to see you.
>> My pleasure.
>> Thanks for making time for us. We
appreciate it. Whitney Tilson there, the
former New York City mayoral candidate.
It is election day here in New York
City.
>> Yeah. And also in New Jersey and also in
uh Virginia and also in California. a
real question for the battle for the
heart of the Democratic party and
frankly a question of whether this will
be a referendum on what's been done so
far over the past couple of years.
Honestly, there is a fissure in both
parties right now and it has to do with
the economic issues that we've been
talking about that K-shaped economy and
how there is disagreement
[clears throat] over how to address it.
>> We got to go way back and start with
education. What happened in this
country? Why are highly educated,
wealthy, privileged kids voting for
socialism with a complete lack of
awareness about economic history [music]
and the last 50 100 years every time
that experiment has been tried.
>> It's actually a great psychology [music]
experiment. There are number of studies.
We can get into them, but I actually
have been reading about this. It's
pretty fascinating.
>> We'll have some fun at the commercial
break from New York City this morning.
Good morning. You're watching Bloomberg
TV.
>> [music]
>> A two-day rally hits a wall this
morning. We're down by 1% on the S&P
500. On the NASDAQ, down by 1.3. [music]
Kicking off November, adding to October
gains, but some very narrow leadership
on Monday through to Tuesday. The
pullback continues across the board. On
the Russell, we're down by 1.3%. In the
bond market, yields pushing higher
through yesterday's session. down this
morning by three basis points at the
front end on tens. We're down by two
[music] to 4.089%.
Data hasn't been great in the last 24
hours. In the next 24 hours, more data
still [music] to come. ISM services very
much in focus
>> especially given the fact that ISM
manufacturing [music] isn't proving the
sort of bastion of growth that some
people were expecting. Do you see the
same kind of softness particularly on
prices paid in services because prices
paid went down when it came to ISM
manufacturing and it was in
contractionary territory. None of this
is talking to runaway [music] growth or
inflationary pressures that a number of
people have been worried about.
>> What do you think was kicking around the
Treasury market yesterday? Fed [music]
speak data or just the amount of
issuance coming from corporate America?
And by corporate America, I mean Mega
Cap Tech, Meta, Alphabet [music]
in the last week.
>> Call me a skeptic, but I don't think
that the Fed speak is actually what's
doing it because right now it's hard to
know how much of a difference any one
person is going [music] to make given
the fact we know the committee is split.
So I don't want to put too much
attention there. The glut of issuance
has to be front and center especially at
a time where people are increasingly
worried about high valuations and you
did see a little bit of digestion
issues. I mean this is like one tongue.
This isn't exactly like the full pylo
sec but this idea of four basis points
of widening [music] in the investment
grade credit spreads speaks to the glut
of issuance.
>> 90 billion of demand for a 17.5 billion
debt issue coming from Alphabet
yesterday and they threw in some euro
denominated debt as well for good
measure.
>> Why not?
>> Some unreal numbers coming out of this
market. as we count you down to the
opening pound a few hours away about 3
hours away now. Let's get some morning
movers for you with Yahara. Hey yra.
>> Hi John. Palanteer delivered one of its
strongest quarters yet with soaring
[music] sales and a higher outlook but
you wouldn't know it by looking at the
stock. It is down 6.4% in the pre-market
as investors grow increasingly worried
about its skyhigh valuation with its
price to sales ratio sitting at 85, the
highest in the S&P. So analysts in note
after note are warning the [music]
numbers may finally be too rich even for
one of AI's biggest winners. And we move
on to Tesla. The riskoff mood translates
to that as well. Two point down 2.3%
[music] after Norway's sovereign wealth
fund came out against Elon Musk's
proposed $1 trillion pay package. The
fund cited [music] concerns over the
size of the award, dilution, and Tesla's
growing reliance on Musk's leadership,
highlighting some of the investor push
back [music] we've seen from ISS and
public pension funds ahead of that key
vote this week. [music] And we end on
Denny's. Those shares are soaring nearly
50% after the diner chain, known for its
Grand Slam Breakfast, said that it's
being taken private [music] in a $620
million deal. This adds to the wave of
companies we've seen leading public
markets as investors look to whip up
value outside of the Wall Street
spotlight. John
>> Yhara, [music] thank you. Appreciate it.
More from Yahara in the next hour on our
radar this morning. Some breaking news
in just moments ago. The former vice
president Dick Cheney has died. He was
84. Cheney served as the 46th vice
president of the United States from 2001
to 2009 under President George W. Bush.
That news coming in just moments ago.
Any further updates, we'll bring them to
you. Elsewhere, it's election day in the
US and New York City. Voters will be
choosing among Democratic candidate Zar
Mdani, former New York Governor Andrew
Cuomo, and Republican Curtis Leewa to be
the next mayor of the city. And finally,
stocks pulling back this morning as Wall
Street CEOs are waving a red flag for
investors, warning an equity market drop
of more than 10% could be coming in the
next 12 to 24 months due to sky-high
valuations. Stocks are down across the
board this morning. It must be
frustrating to be a CEO on Wall Street
because you make headlines even when you
just state the obvious, right?
>> I mean, 10 to 15% is almost like a
knee-jerk kind of response. Yeah, sure.
I could see the market going down 10 to
15% every 12 to 25 years. It's sort of
like saying there's a 20% chance of
recession. There's always a 20% chance
of recession if you're an economist on
Wall Street. Nonetheless, it speaks to
the idea that we are seeing skyhigh
valuations. And you point it to
Palanteer. I think it's a valid point.
The fact that they've gained 150 uh% so
far this year. Palentine shares have
been on a tear. They delivered another
beat for the 21st consecutive quarter.
The CEO said, "We are in a nosebleleed
zone. No one else is here." And the
stock sold off, not because they didn't
deliver, but because people are just
worried about how far and how fast this
has run.
>> I think it's fair to say that when a
stock falls on good news, it tells you
something about valuations and how much
we've rallied. and Palanteer news
yesterday. If I just given you that,
didn't even show you the market move and
just gave you what Palanteer said,
there's no way people would come out and
say that was a bad earnings report.
>> They have a run rate of $4 billion and
they're talking about 63% growth. This
is crazy in terms of any type of other
company that is of similar size. So, you
start looking at this type of growth,
you start saying, well, maybe the
valuations are warranted. At the same
time, a lot of this is a guessing game.
And the guessing game has gotten pretty
frothy. And I think that's the reason
why people are getting nervous and
frankly the reason why some of the CEOs
might welcome a sell-off rather than
just simply this steady march upward.
>> Palanteer down in the pre-market.
Broader equities on the S&P 500 negative
by 1%. Let's turn to trade. President
Donald Trump deciding against allowing
Nvidia to sell its top-of-the-line
Blackwell chips to China ahead of his
meeting with Chinese President Xi
Jinping just last week. The Wall Street
Journal now reporting Trump made the
call after advice from top officials to
protect US national security. Joining us
now to discuss the former NEC deputy
director Everett Eisenstat. Everett,
welcome back. This is, I think, for many
people, particularly down in Washington
DC, promising news that the president
was responding to the advice of his
State Department and not the advice from
the Advilla boss about what he would
like to see. Is that welcome news for
you?
>> Well, it it's always good news when you
have the experts weighing in on on
national security matters. And uh that's
what they're there for. They're there to
advise the president and give their best
counsel as to what's in the interest of
US national security. Uh the president
and always has listened to his
adviserss. Of course, he's the ultimate
decision maker. And at this point, he
decided that this was not the time to do
this. So, I think those who are
concerned about uh national security
risk, technology transfer to China are
going to be hardened by that decision.
>> Evra, do you think it's case closed or
is this still an open debate down in
Washington?
>> It's never a case closed. This debate,
the it's a continuation of a
conversation that's been going on for
years is what's the appropriate level of
technology, what's the type of
technology, and it's a it's a real
tugof-war between trying to sell and and
supply the world with our best
technology, which we've created and
earned. Um, and also being sure that
it's not getting in the hands of of
folks who are going to do things that
are not in our national interest. So,
it's a continuous debate and one that's
going to continue to to to uh to uh play
out.
>> Everett, what do you make though of the
idea that it's a national security issue
not to provide China with some of these
high-end chips? Because it will prompt
them to move away from US technology,
deploy their own, and create an
alternate system that could potentially
be more of a threat than if we just gave
them those chips. I mean, this is the
argument that Jensen Huang has been
making. Do you find it credible? I think
that's a I think there's always a
balance between
how much control you contain over your
technology and whether I think you you
could also say it the other way that if
the the other party has a technology and
and they're using it, they could pro
they may be able to accelerate
uh their uh imitation of that technology
more rapidly. So I could see both sides.
It's never really a super clear one or
the other. There's always a balance
there. Um, so I'm not sure that
withholding the chips necessarily would
enable them to accelerate faster. I
could even make the case that it might
uh delay them more not having those
chips.
>> Everett, there's also this issue right
now that people have been rather
sangquent about that tomorrow we do get
the Supreme Court decision or arguments
rather not the decision around the
legality of the tariffs that Trump has
put on. And I'm just wondering whether
uh there really is a huge economic risk
as President Trump has said if these
tariffs are overturned or do you think
that there is an infrastructure of other
levies that could take its place in
short order?
>> Yeah, this is a big case. I mean, this
is significant for a number of reasons.
I mean, the president's really built
much of his economic platform, both
domestic, international, and even the
foreign affairs on tariffs. Now, he's
been using several different statutes to
do that. The one that's being debated
here before the Supreme Court is the
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act. If that is struck down, it will
limit the president's ability to u to
impose tariffs as quickly as he has,
although there are other tools. So go to
directly to your question, the president
can make up this tariff authority
through other other means. There's a lot
of other statutes out there he could
use. some have been rarely used just as
AIPA had been rarely used before the
president uh took office um for tariffs
this this cycle. So there's a lot of
other ways he could do this. So the
tariffs are going to continue. But this
case is very significant. It's it's
going to have a big impact as you noted
only on the amount of revenue that
that's sitting there but also on the
ability of the president to really wield
power in a very very effective and
efficient way. um and it it will have
some constraints on on on that
authority.
>> So Everett, can I just pick up on the
significance of this? What is the
difference now compared to where we were
in the president's first term? Why has
he chosen to govern differently and use
different tools to address the same
problem?
>> No, it's it's vastly different. I mean,
in the first term, we were talking about
uh limited use of tools for very
discreet purposes. uh we were using 232,
a statute that targets uh imports on
national security grounds to limit
imports of steel and aluminum into the
United States. And obviously the 301 on
China was very focused on China on
intellectual property rights um
technology transfers and and unfair
practices there. You compare that to
where we are today. Not only are the
number of statutes being used, but the
number the reasons and the rationale
behind those statutes has expanded
dramatically. We've seen them use
everything from, you know, putting
tariffs on kitchen cabinets because the
the timber, the steel and aluminum, uh
301 tariffs potentially [clears throat]
on Brazil. We've seen uh tariffs on
India over secondary, you know, sales of
Russian oil. So, it's it's a vast
expansion of tariff authority used by a
president and it's never been done in my
lifetime. And I I doubt I think you'd
have to go pretty far back to find a
similar dynamic in our history. It's a
it's quite quite dramatic.
>> Evra, as Lisa pointed out, we hear
arguments might not get a final decision
until the end of the year maybe. But
Everra, can you describe the period
after if this is struck down and we have
to move in a different direction. What
do those months, quarters, years look
like in the president's second term for
trade policy?
uh they're they're going to be every I
don't think they're going to
fundamentally change. The policies will
not change. There may be modulated a
little bit. Um he will have to find a
different way to achieve the same
objectives. And as I noted, there's
tools to do that. So he'll be able to
recoup the revenue. He will be able to
impose tariffs um under other statutes.
He'll be able to reshore manufacturing,
raise revenue. I think one of the key
questions is if the statute is ruled
unlawful in this instance, what will the
Congress do and will the Congress come
in and modify that statute? Will the
Congress come in and perhaps
retroactively approve the framework
agreements that the president has
negotiated? It's a really interesting
dynamic because the authority the
president has used for those framework
agreements with countries like Japan and
South Korea, United Kingdom, they are
driven by tariff authority. that was the
leverage, but they aren't necessarily
sustained by that. The president has his
foreign policy power. He has that
executive authority. He's used it for
those framework agreements.
Will some of those be renegotiated? Will
they be approved by Congress? We'll have
to wait and see. But it's going to be a
very significant uh ruling. Um and I
think in many ways once the ruling has
been finalized, we'll probably get a
more certainty as to the route of the
administration for the remainder of the
term. So um it's going to make for some
very very interesting uh dynamics.
>> Everett appreciate it. Thanks for
jumping on. Everett Eisenstat there, the
former NEC deputy director. This market
wanted to move on. Just show us the
rules of the game. This would
reintroduce a lot of volatility around
policy and decision-m for the years to
come.
>> And your question about what are the
months after the ruling look like if it
is overturned is a really important one
because a lot of people think that they
can come up with some sort of system of
other tariffs under other under
jurisdictions that will compensate for
that revenue. And that's the reason why
the Treasury market's not going to sell
off. We'll see, right? We shall see.
>> That could be a messy few months, that's
for sure. If you are just joining us,
welcome to the program. Equities
recovering a touch. We're still negative
across the board on the S&P 500, down by
about 1%. Let's give you an update on
stories worldwide this morning. Here is
your Bloomberg brief. Apollo Global
Management reporting third quarter
earnings that beat estimates. Apollo
seeing a 23% jump in fee related
earnings. Its assets under management
topping the $900 billion mark for the
first time. Elsewhere, [music] BP is
trading lower in London trading despite
posting earnings that beat analyst
estimates. The company saying
operational improvements and higher oil
and gas production [music] outweigh
lower prices. And finally, British
Chancellor Rachel Reeves paving a way
for tax hikes. Reeves blaming the
previous Conservative administration and
global trade frictions for hurting the
UK economy. She's also pledging to cut
UK debt costs. [music] And that right
there is your Bloomberg brief. Bremo,
you caught up with Chancellor Reeves in
the past few weeks. Those excuses are
starting to sound a little bit stale
[music] now, aren't they?
>> I won't comment on the discussion around
it, but [music] it was very strange. It
felt like asking one question and
someone knows what you're asking and
they just completely answer their own
thing. And doesn't happen that often. I
think [music] it's clear she thinks
she's in a really tough position. She
isn't being fully transparent. She
didn't reiterate her pledge not to raise
taxes more broadly. There is a question
of how much she wants to build her
buffer. Is the UK an anomaly, an
idiosyncratic story, or is this
something that really is a template for
what could come of other countries?
>> The tax and spend doom loop [music] is
not one you want to go into, and it's
looking more and more like they might
have gone into it. It's a problem for
the UK.
>> Watch this space and watch guilt. This
is [music] what people want to see.
>> Up next on the program, building the
case for a jumbo rate cut. What matters
for the stance of policy is where you
are relative to the neutral rate. I
think that we're a fair way from
neutral, and I think that we could get
there a bit faster. I could imagine
getting there in a series of 50 clips.
[music]
>> That conversation up next with Torson SL
of Apollo live from New York City this
morning. Good morning. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Stocks are down this morning across the
board in the S&P 500 down by 1% on the
NASDAQ 100. We're down by 1.3. Similar
move on [music] Russell. And the
surveillance this morning building the
case for a jumbo rate cut.
>> What matters for the stance of policy is
where you are relative to the neutral
rate. And if neutral is here and
policyy's up here, you're very tight. If
neutral's here and policyy's down here,
you're very loose.
>> [music]
>> But if you stay where you are and then
neutral goes down, you've passively
tightened because the neutral rate has
shifted. And so policy has grown tighter
over the course of the year, I think
that we're I think that we're a fair way
from neutral. And I think that we could
get there a bit faster. I could imagine
getting there in a [music] series of 50
clips. So here's the latest this
morning. Fed officials explaining their
views after a very divided October
interest rate decision. Joining us now
to discuss is Torston Slo of Apollo. To
good morning to you, you sir.
>> Morning. Morning. superdivided Federal
Reserve based on a communication we've
had so far from the committee following
that decision. This line here from
Governor Marin to us just yesterday that
we're a fair way away from neutral. I
think we could get there a bit faster.
How close are we to neutral? Well, the
key question here of course is are we
doing monetary policy according to some
framework with Astar or some forecast or
are we doing monetary policy according
to data dependency because it's very
clear that a lot of the arguments that
are being laid out for more cuts of
course is really dependent more on the
forecast or is dependent on some
framework about what do you think our is
so the discussion about our star which
we now had for many years of course is
very clear there's a lot of uncertainty
so with that backdrop yes some estimates
are low so you could argue that those
are the ones you should be focusing on
but it's very clear that the divide
really here among FOMC members in the
last few days has been around should we
focus the policy decisions today on our
star and some forecast that we may have
or should we focus it on the incoming
data
>> well let's talk about the incoming data
how can we forecast anything if we don't
really know where we are at the moment
>> well we do have CPI of course before the
last FMC meeting but what we also have
is a number of indicators for the labor
market are also still showing that
things are actually still okay if you
look for example at the macro edge job
announcement event cuts data that's
still okay. The challenger degree and
Christmas job cuts data is actually also
still okay. If you look at ADP job
creation is also okay. If you look at
revilio labs also job creation also
okay. If you also look at paychecks
there's also link up there that's also
indeed job openings. Taken together all
these indicators are not showing a labor
market where the bottom is falling out.
So that's why the conclusion from JPAL
last week was very clear. Inflation is
still around three. The labor market is
still okay. So with that backdrop, what
is the argument for cutting rates? At
least when you look at it from a data
dependent perspective,
>> the argument is that you are passively
tightening as we heard from Steven Myron
yesterday because of the demographics
and because of the fact that inflation
is coming down and with a labor market
that's okay but relatively fragile in
certain corners, why not give them a
little bit of support if you are above
neutral to get back closer to neutral?
What do you make of that argument?
>> Because there's also a broader
discussion around it's not only about
the Fed funds rate, it's about financial
conditions more broadly. And if you look
at my Bloomberg measure of financial
conditions, it still shows me their
financial conditions are very easy. So
in that sense, companies, especially in
the AI space, they're not borrowing as a
function of the Fed funds rate. They're
borrowing as a function of equity
prices. And given where equity prices
are for the magnificent 7, that's very
importantly coming a very significant
tailwind still to the economy and still
even to hiring simply because we now
have that equity financing is getting
huge help from the fact that equity
prices are still as elevated as they are
at the moment.
>> You've done a great job of talking about
the K-shaped market and this is sort of
the conundrum for the Fed. They've got
this blunt tool of cutting rates and
there's this question of does that help
the lower income consumers and companies
that are catering to them more than it
really risks creating a bubble in the AI
names and those areas where financial
conditions are very loose. How do you
weigh in on that? That's exactly right
and that's why what becomes exactly
critical Lisa is to think about what is
the weight in aggregate consumption from
the bottom 20% of the population which
is roughly around 8% of total
consumption whereas the top 20% accounts
for 40% of total consumption according
to the consumer expenditure survey. So
because of that it still is the case
that when stock prices are up home
prices are up and when interest rates
are high the cash flow for those who own
debt who own private credit is still
strong. So for those households at the
upper end of income distribution, things
are still looking good. And that's a
very important reason why the consumer
still continues to do well. And
critically, it's not only a K-shaped
economy for the consumer, it's actually
also a K-shaped economy for the
corporate sector. If you look at EPS
expectations since the beginning of the
year, Magnificent 7, the expectation is
that earnings will grow further. But if
for the S&P 493, earnings expectations
have actually come down. Likewise, the
same thing for profit margins for the
Magnificent 7 is going up. for the S&P
493, profit margins, expectations have
been coming down. So, we're seeing more
signs of the K-shaped economy, not only
the division in terms of the consumer
side, but also on the corporate side,
where it's more and more the AI story
that continues to drive everything.
>> Do you see limits to that trend?
>> Well, the key issue of course is to what
extent on the AI story, of course, the
AI companies at the Magnificent 7 can
continue to deliver the earnings that
are priced in at the moment. If there
for whatever reason is any slowdown in
earnings growth in AI, it will certainly
begin to create some wobbles not only in
the data center buildout and also of
course the challenges on the associated
energy side, but it will also begin to
have some wealth effects, especially if
we do get the correction that we've had
some conversations about in the last
several here 24 hours.
>> Yeah, just to think through this and the
ultimate extreme, you need someone to
have a job to buy the product you're
selling. Like ultimately, don't you? And
the fact that we've seen some decoupling
between employment and corporate
profits, I just wonder how much longer
that can persist.
>> Well, a very important part of that is
indeed that immigration has been slowing
down. So the Dallas Fed is now saying
that the equilibrium non-farm payrolls
is 30,000. So think about the ADP that
came out last week. The monthly number
was around 50 60,000. So that means that
suddenly we have that 5060 is actually
not too bad when you think about that
suddenly the Fed is telling us that the
new going rate where we should be is 30.
So from that perspective, we can have a
slowdown for immigration restriction
reasons. Also the 100,000 on the H-1B
that will slow down job growth and
therefore still create a labor market
that's just having slower growth in
jobs, but not so much because the
economy is slowing in GDP, but simply
because immigration inflows are a lot
weaker.
>> Torist, if the Fed were to cut by 25
basis points, does that cause the Kshape
to get wider or narrower?
>> Uh, so that depends on, of course, for
the consumer side. If we continue to
have a rally in the stock market, if we
continue to have a divergence in asset
prices going up further, then we will
continue to see the K get even longer on
each side of the leg. So in that sense,
cutting rates is certainly something
that normally boosts asset prices and
therefore makes the wider K a distinct
possibility.
>> I think you should get very nervous when
the Federal Reserve or any central bank
for that matter involves itself in a
wealth inequality game because arguably
they've exacerbated it for the last 20
years. And how do they address an
economy that's uneven? If they cater to
the lower end but end up helping the
upper end more, then you have an even
bigger problem and you just add fuel to
it. It just becomes a real question. Is
it a dual mandate? Is it a tribe
mandate? Or is it something uh even
more?
>> I think Chairman Powell has got a
divided committee, but he's also been
very inconsistent about how we've views
the labor market this year. And we've
talked about this repeatedly. Earlier in
the summer, he anchored his view of the
labor market around unemployment and
then shifted towards payrolls growth.
What I just heard from Torston is you
can still anchor it around unemployment.
The payrolls growth has shifted lower,
but you haven't seen Slack increase that
much captured by an unemployment rate
that's been pretty steady.
>> That's why this market is really
struggling around the idea that there is
no understood reaction function to data
that doesn't even exist. So then how do
you predict what exactly the Fed is
going to do in December? And it's the
reason why one person's commentary can
swing things one way or another because
there really isn't any type of lynch pin
to the argument.
>> Dustin, good to see you and
congratulations on the numbers over at
Apollo. Fantastic figures this morning
to slot there of Apollo. Coming up next
on the program, Aaron Canada, Clear
Harbor Asset Management, Henry Trees of
Vader Partners, Gennady Goldberg of TD
Securities, and Kylie Kohu of Jeff from
New [music] York City. This is
Bloomberg.
[music] What I see is just a very weird
economic cycle is an unorthodox
recession. I think the Fed has to be
careful here.
>> The job market is going to be the lynch
pin here.
>> There's more two-sided risks to the
Fed's decision than the market was
pricing in. [music] This really looks
like a slowdown, not a reaceleration.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg Savannah starts right now, and
your price action looks like this. Here
are the scores. So, we're down 1% on the
S&P 500. On the NASDAQ, we're down by
1.3. The pullback [music] continues on a
Russell negative by 1.36. The week ahead
shaping up as follows. Some data in the
next 24 hours, ISM, ADP, [music]
and in the next 12 hours or so, some
earnings AMD after the closing bell.
Seemingly this morning, I mean, pick
your poison. The paner narrative, we
[music] can get into it. Numbers were
pretty decent, but the stock's down on
otherwise good news. What we've seen is
a number of companies that have [music]
done very well so far this year have
been punished even for good results
because ultimately there is a question
about how much reality is put into these
[music] numbers. The narrative that
people are putting around paluntary is
they didn't give a good enough guide for
2026. [music] How do you guide a
nosebleleed moment which is what the CEO
talked about and that I think is the
difficulty. How do you guide a
technology that's transforming so
quickly [music] that people really can't
come up with feasible estimates going
forward?
>> Stock is down in the pre-market by 7%.
Another name for you this morning is
Uber. How's the consumer doing? Uber
[music] just posted their strongest
growth since late 2023
>> and their shares are lower in pre-market
trading. And what they're talking about
is total gross bookings grew 21%. It's
not exactly uh screaming some sort of
recessionary tale for the consumer.
People have seen the prices of each ride
go up significantly. They're talking
about [music] technology and customers
and increasing adoption of lowcost
offerings and moderating insurance
pressures. All these nice words. It's
not working in pre-market trading and I
think that that's the tell in terms of
just how much the stocks have rallied
and how much expectations already were
[music] where they delivered.
>> A lot of people in this country still
doing very well. You see that in the
numbers that you get from Uber, the
financials, [music]
then some other people really really
struggling and that's been consistent
and you see that in the numbers of the
likes of Chipotle that we've seen
[music] in the last week. That speaks to
the politics and election day in America
in this city here in New York.
>> What you talk about with Chipotle speaks
to New York City politics in a couple of
ways. Number one, people are going to be
using fast casual. It's not exactly the
people who are uh making millions on
Wall Street. It's younger. Also, they
have catered [music] to a younger
demographic for Chipotle. And when you
take a look at the younger demographic,
unemployment rates are much higher. You
look at satisfaction rates much lower.
They're feeling like they're getting a
raw deal. So, they're the ones that are
struggling to buy $20 burritos and
they're the ones that are going to the
polls. And you're seeing that in a
strong confluence today. [music]
>> We'll get to the politics later this
hour. Coming up, we'll catch up with
Aaron Cannon of Clear Harbor Asset
Management as rising valuations weigh on
Wall Street, Henry Trees of Vader
Partners as the government shutdown ties
the longest in history and Kylie Coho of
Jeffre on how retailers are gearing up
for the holiday season. We begin this
hour with stocks pulling back from near
record highs. Aaron Kennedy, Clear
Harbor Asset Management, writing,
"Despite valuation metrics that screen
above term averages, we believe the
earnings foundation is fundamentally
stronger than in prior valuation peaks."
Aaron joins us now for more. Aaron, good
morning and good to see you in person,
sir. Thanks for being here.
>> Nice to be here.
>> Asked this a few times already this
morning. How would you describe the
pullback early Tuesday down about 1% on
the S&P?
>> Well, we're due. I mean, pullbacks of
10% or more happen about once every year
or so. And uh we're trading at 23 times
forward price to earnings multiple. You
look at the the the the market breath,
it's quite weak. Yesterday, the market
was up over 1% on the S&P and the and
the equal weight was was off. you look
at um the the equal weighted performance
year to date of the S&P 500 is only up
about 8 and a half%. If you look at the
S&P 500, it's up a little over 17 1.5%.
So, we we have uh nice earnings growth,
but it's being pushed by MAG 7 and it's
been uh you know quite quite weak in the
in the 493 stocks are only growing about
2% and the rest of the market is
growing, you know, in the teens.
>> How would you frame that narrow
leadership? Is it a feature or a bug?
Well, you know, I think we've seen a
massive amount of um sizzle uh rightly
so on the capex spending front. 400 odd
billion dollars being spent. It's
impacting multiple sectors across the
economy. And I think there's a question
right now as to you know how it's going
to sort of trickle down in in in the
years ahead.
>> Credit is very very robust right now. Is
it difficult to construct a bare case
for equities when Lisa we're getting
such limited push back from credit
>> right now? credit is saying, "Please
keep going." And at a certain point, you
can imagine that a lot of the bond
borrowing for the tech sector really has
only fueled the equity side of things
because they're ultimately borrowing
money to pay for some of the expansion.
So, any pullback? Is that just a great
buying opportunity or is there some
warning sign about how far you can see
the advancement of the tech sector
without the rest of the universe
catching up?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think, you
know, as it as it pertains to credit,
you look at, you know, the spending in
in the debt issuance of late. And I
think that's a cost of capital question,
just just being smart as a CFO of a
company, deciding, you know, should you
issue debt or should you um should you
uh issue expensive of equity to to raise
capital to to to grow. So, um you know,
at the end of the day, you know, we look
at u the credit side, credit spreads. Um
they're historically extraordinarily
tight. high yield is trading at
nosebleleed tight levels and we have to
be careful about that. So, how are we
allocating within the credit markets?
We're staying very short. If you look at
default rates, they tend to collapse
inside of about 18 months and and and
and yet we still think you can probably
capture the coupon.
Atlanta Fed GDP now is running at 4%.
The economy going into 2026 looks okay.
There's a lot of policy concerns,
particularly as it pertains to the
upcoming uh Supreme Court uh
interpretation of the president's
authority around tariffs. That could
have a a massive um impact around
volatility going forward. But the the
economic picture looks okay. The
K-shaped recovery on the other hand is
of concern. Lower rates benefiting the
40% of American uh adults who who do not
own financial assets. And that's a
that's a big issue. It's playing out in
the election probably today in New York
City. You know, it's really interesting
to me that you saw Mike Wilson and Brian
Bellski yesterday on this show talking
about a widening out uh a broadening out
in the stock market rally. This idea
that yes, Magnificent 7 have done really
well, but people are getting worried
about frothy uh frothy valuations and
the idea that the Fed's going to cut
rates will only edify some of those
other areas. Do you agree with that or
do you think that it's really too early
and people have been trying for this bet
for a long time? It feels good because
valuations are lower, but it has been a
widowmaker.
>> Yeah, it's a good question, Lisa. I I
think the idea that as as rates trend
lower, you can change your discount rate
and and you can you can justify a higher
multiple is ultimately what that that
narrative speaks to. But I do think that
there's the the other reality where that
40% that doesn't own financial assets,
they do have something. They have credit
card debt and they have auto loan debt.
If they're lucky, they have mortgage
debt, but the first two are not even
deductible. And if their incomes are
low, they probably can't deduct it
anyway. And so lower rates benefit that
40%. And I think that's why there is
that divergence in that debate around
this issue.
>> Are you beginning to see credit stress
in that cohort that's notable enough to
make a more bearish call on the broader
market? It
>> it's tricky, Jonathan, because I I think
we're starting to see uh uh default
rates rise on the auto loan side and and
and yet we look at other aspects of the
economy like look at Mastercard and look
at Visa and look at the volume numbers
there. They're very strong and now
they're they're talking about strong
holiday sales and so um you know things
haven't fallen apart yet. The employment
picture as Torson mentioned earlier is
still relatively strong. If that were to
weaken I think that clearly gives a a
very strong green light for the Fed in
December.
>> So many people are still conditioned by
the crisis of 15 16 17 years ago almost
20 years ago now I'm losing count. And
they always believe that that risk is
just around the corner. Lisa mentioned
Mike Wilson of Morgan Stanley. Mike's
view of the world right now is actually
the recession's behind us. So all this
fear that the bad news is ahead of us,
Mike Wilson's saying it's behind us. It
was spring. That was the low. That was
the worst of the jobs data. Move on.
We're going to see that recovery. Does
that stack up to you? Yeah, I think
there's some truth to that. I think
we're we may see slower growth in 2026.
If you look at Bloomberg average
estimates, we're going to go from what
2.8 this year to 1.8 or 1.9 next year.
That that may be undershooting. I mean,
we could see productivity gains with AI.
does that start feeding through into the
uh economic picture? I think the big
question around AI too and as it relates
to the economy and really the your
question because that's still going to
drive the economic growth question is
how is AI going to be applied across
sectors across healthcare how is it
going to advance um uh solving for for
important health issues like cancer and
drug discovery and to accelerate that
and add value to the economy and add
value you know to the broader society
and I think that's a big question for
2026 and beyond. How have you changed
your positioning since earning season?
Uh really is getting to the latter end.
Are you at all or do you kind of just
have greater conviction uh in how you've
been positioned?
>> Well, I I think the idea of of just
chasing this this mag seven trade is is
something that we need to be really
careful about. And I think the concept
of owning more of an equal weight or
should I say actively selecting holdings
in a manner that isn't just taking into
account the MAG 7 which has contributed
to 61% of the total S&P earnings this
year. Um I think it's really an
important way to to sort of think about
it. Last week we had earnings coming out
in many of our portfolios that were very
strong. a couple were weak and the
bifurcation of sort of the the the the
topline benchmark return relative to um
you know sort of the the equal return is
is I think a theme that we're going to
have to sort of ponder uh a bit more and
I think selective investments not just
home and abroad we've been very focused
on Japan this year we've been very
focused on Europe this year and
thankfully we've gotten that right and
sector performance in those areas has
been very strong but very different
sector exposures have led to those very
positive returns abroad. So we're
thinking globally in that regard.
>> Is there any theme in terms of the
companies that are doing very well
outside of the Magnificent 7 in terms of
either the sectors they cater to the
clientele or their size?
>> Well, it's interesting. I think recently
we've seen things breaking out. There
have been rolling recessions um rolling
sector uh recessions as well. Biotech's
breaking out. um healthcare uh life
sciences we're starting to see in the
earnings calls that China may be
normalizing a bit look at at even the
semiconductor design companies that have
reported they're talking about the China
business there which they did they
wanted to exclude from their earnings uh
estimates going forward now they're
saying they've normalized it it's
business as usual so will that be a
theme that continues and will that drive
you know sort of beyond the mag 7 going
forward we'll have to keep our eye out
for that
>> I'm just going to Yeah, let's do it in
person again soon. Thanks for being
here. Thank you, sir. Aaron Cannon there
of Clear Harbor Asset Management.
Futures are down this morning by 1% on
the S&P. Aaron mentioned the equal
weight down 1% Brammo in October. The
NASDAQ 100 was higher by almost five.
>> Yeah, and this is something that we've
continued to see. I mean, I believe that
the equal weight has returned about half
of what the market cap weight has so far
this year because of that dominance of
the Magnificent 7 and the K-shaped
market where everything else has really
lagged behind.
>> We've got a pullback so far this
morning. That's your price action on the
screen. Let's get you an update on
stories worldwide. Here's your Bloomberg
brief. We start with the former US Vice
President, Dick Cheney. He's died.
Cheney served as the 46th Vice President
of the United States from 2001 to 2009
under President George W. Bush. He was
also a White House chief of staff,
Secretary of Defense, and the CEO of
Hallebertton. Cheney was 84. Elsewhere,
the Norwegian cruise shares falling in
the pre-market. The company warning of a
softer final quarter than expected.
[music] 2026 is said to be the fourth
consecutive year of record cruise demand
with operators cutting [music] prices to
cater to budget-minded travelers. That
stock is down by close to 10%. And
finally, Young Brands reporting third
quarter earnings that beat estimates.
The company launching a strategic review
of its struggling Pizza Hut chain and
possibly exploring a sale after seven
[music] straight quarters of
contraction. The name bounced back in
early trading were higher by 1.9%. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. Up next on
the program, making the final campaign
push.
>> We need a mayor who can stand up to
Donald Trump, who can get the funding
that New York deserves.
>> The MAGA movement's embrace of Andrew
Cuomo is reflective of Donald Trump's
understanding that this would be the
best mayor for him.
>> Kind of thought that in the last 24
hours, almost at the same time that
Cuomo's talking about standing up to the
president, the president's endorsing
him.
>> I was wondering about how that was going
to fly. How does he manage that one? He
could say, you know, I can stand up to
him because he wants me to be the mayor.
[music]
>> Yeah. With great difficulty. Up next on
the program, we'll catch up with
Henrietta Trees of Vader Partners, live
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
[music]
Two days of gains on the S&P 500 running
into this wall right here. We're down 1%
on the S&P. We're pulling back on the
NASDAQ. We're down by 1.35. Similar move
on the Russell. [music] Under Sylvanas
this morning. Let's talk about the
politics. Making the final campaign
push.
We need a mayor who can stand up to
Donald Trump, who can get the funding
that New York deserves. I can stand up
to Trump.
>> The MAGA movement's embrace of Andrew
Cuomo is reflective of Donald Trump's
understanding that this [music] would be
the best mayor for him.
Not not the best mayor for New York
City, not the best mayor for New
Yorkers, but the best mayor for Donald
Trump as his administration.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. It's
election day here in New York City.
President Donald Trump endorsing Andrew
Cuomo for the city's next mayor as the
former governor faces an uphill battle
against the front runner, Democratic
Socialist Zam Mandani. Tracking the
story for us here at Bloomberg is
Bloomberg's Miles Miller. Miles, good
morning to you, sir. Just walk us
through how these polls might be
tightening up going into the final day
of voting.
>> Right. The last polls we saw were that
uh this was probably a 10point spread,
but uh when it comes down to it, when
you combine the polls with the early
voting turnout, you're looking at really
the potential of just Mane uh getting to
50% a 50% margin uh in this race. If he
gets to 50% of the vote uh when 99% of
the votes are counted tonight, that
means he has a striking mandate to get
past what he has called his progressive
agenda. Free buses. Uh we're talking
about uh child care, universal child
care for those who need it in New York.
Um talking about taxing the rich. All of
these proposals um really have to get
passed by Albany. but he says that he
has a partner in uh Governor Kathy
Hokll, a person who has campaigned with
him. Uh but he's going up against Andrew
Cuomo, someone who people know really
well. This is a campaign that has come
down to uh really three big things.
Faith, so New Yorkers of faith, whether
Jewish or churchgoers, uh young voters,
uh new voters to the electorate, and
also uh a new um majority in this city,
right? We're seeing South Asian New
Yorkers come out to vote being a brand
new voting block uh with a candidate who
reflects them and reflects what they
need in this city.
>> Miles, we played some sound just moments
ago of the two leading candidates
addressing the sitting president. Miles,
is it slightly awkward that the former
governor, Mr. Cuomo, is citing his
ability to stand up to the president at
the same time he's being endorsed by
him? And how much of a feature has the
sitting president actually been on the
campaign trail? Yeah, I mean it it he he
definitely loomed large, right? He is
part of the reason why Eric Adams
dropped out of the race because uh the
president said this needs to be a
twoperson race. Then you look at Curtis
Lewa um who was pushed not only by the
president but by his boss at WABC radio
to get out of the race. When it comes to
Cuomo and the endorsement, Cuomo says it
wasn't endorsement because I didn't
speak with him, but it was a tacid
endorsement saying if Mumani gets in
office, he will pull funds from New York
City. and Cuomo can't walk back from
that. But it is important to know, we
talk about how Trump has loomed large in
the race that Mani has said, "If Trump
wants to work with me on affordability,
that's something he ran for as
president, I'll work with him." It's
kind of crazy to hear a Democratic
socialist saying he'll work with MAGA
Donald Trump to make the city more
affordable because that's what Trump has
said, right? He wants cheaper grocery
prices and of course he wants um for
pres prescription drug uh costs to go
down. So could they work together?
Remains to be seen. I think he'll be uh
very everpresent in New York City if
Mumani is to win
>> politics in 2025. Miles Meta, thank you
sir. More from Miles a little bit later
this morning and through the afternoon
on Bloomberg TV and on Bloomberg radio.
Henrietta Trada Partners joins us now
for more. Henrietta, something that Lisa
and I have been wrestling with
throughout this morning. Is this
election here in this city taking the
temperature of the country, the mood of
the country, or just taking the
temperature of the Democratic party? And
which argument is going to win out as we
head towards the midterms?
>> You know, it's fascinating. I think you
said Donald Trump's name, you know, 15
more times than either of the Democratic
candidates in the race today in the lead
to here. And I think that just really
exemplifies where the Democratic party
is right now. They're so bifurcated and
so lacking in a cohesive message that
they can really only be anti-Donald
Trump. Now, for Democrats, that's a good
thing because a Donald Trump is a
massive vote turnout machine. So, for
Cuomo, for Mumani, they're both going to
be taking exactly what they want,
spreading it out to voters, and making
it all about Trump. Um, which really
speaks to the lack of comprehensive
message that Democrats have struggled
with since 2016. Quite frankly,
>> that's the reason why I think Henry, a
lot of people think of this as sort of
like a mini premidterms moment,
especially given the fact that there are
races in New Jersey and in Virginia and
California. There's uh there's an
initiative that people are going to be
voting on about redistricting. How much
are you going to take a big read through
in terms of what type of mandate
President Trump has? What kind of vision
gets the most voters for Democrats? How
much is this taking the temperature
versus idiosyncratic races with a number
of very specific inputs?
>> The the off-year elections, this mid
midterm is one of the best predictors of
what will happen in the House of
Representatives next November. It is an
exceptional um early indicator from New
Jersey, Virginia, not just who wins, but
what the margins are. And the reason
that President Trump is so animated
about the midterms. If you follow his
social media feeds, it's been, you know,
48 straight hours of endorsements is
because he is very likely, Republicans
are very likely to lose the House just
statistically with such a tight margin.
And that means, you know, massive
subpoena power for the House of
Representatives next year if it is
Democratically owned. So, it is
incumbent upon President Trump to do
what I just said he does best, which is
turn out the votes, but in favor of the
Republican candidates. um he really
needs to hold on to the house more than
anything else and it's going to be a
very serious uphill battle that you know
statistics and history show he is very
likely to lose. So California,
Pennsylvania Supreme Court, Virginia,
New Jersey, the margins are where wonks
like myself will be watching just to see
exactly what we should be looking for
next year. Is it going to be a seven
seat margin in the House of
Representatives or are we talking like
30 seats? That's what this today's
election can tell us. How much are
national concerns feeding into the local
races? Given the fact that the
government shut down, there's a lot of
dissatisfaction on a national level. At
a local level, there is more engagement,
an increasing amount of engagement from
uh residents. Is there a divergence here
or is there a pretty clear correlation?
>> That's a fascinating question. I think
it's different for each party. So, in
this cycle, the Republican party is
continued to be led by Donald Trump and
he's not on the ballot. And so what
Republican staff and campaign operatives
I speak with will tell you is that
Republican voters are tuned out. When we
saw the returns on the national election
last year, people would go to the polls,
vote for Donald Trump, and then leave.
So the fact that Trump is not on the
ballot this cycle, he's not on the
ballot in the midterms and he won't be
next year either. The Republican party
is trying to figure out how can I
backfill that darth and that absence
left by Donald Trump himself, the plain
leader of the Republican party and get
our voters excited for JD Vance, for
Marco Rubio, for any of these local
politicians. So you see this depressed
um participation on the Republican side
because Trump is not on the top of the
ticket and that leaves a vacuum for
Democrats to turn out. Um so really it
depends on which party you're talking
about. Henrietta, I understand the
temptation whenever we cover these
stories to group in people into very
neat groups, Republicans, Democrats, but
is there another group, another set of
individuals that can't be put into one
bucket that are pretty fluid and they're
willing to vote for someone who's got a
solution to their problem? And right
now, the problem for a lot of people in
this country and it's persisted for a
long time is affordability. And those
problems were exacerbated through the
Biden administration. They're looking
for solutions. It might come from the
far left. It might come from the
conservative right. Henrietta, I just
wonder how much of a feature that's
going to be in the elections through the
next 12 18 months.
>> Yeah, I think it's the the biggest
feature. You have 68% of the US
population that does not support the
state of the US economy and is very
concerned about inflation and does not
support the president's tariffs. So, the
president and his trade uh his uh
committee officials and cabinet
officials are saying, you know, give us
another year, let us bring prices down.
But when voters are looking at their,
you know, grocery bill, their
electricity bill, the cost of a new car,
whatever they're looking at trying to
buy, it's all more expensive. It's all
because of the tariffs and they know
that. Um, and they are seeing
manufacturing, they are seeing grocery
prices increase, but not their wages. So
the president ran on, you know,
theoretically an inflation related
campaign. Inflation was high after
COVID, but it remains on the up on the
upper rise today as well. And you can
see that again at the grocery stores
most plainly. So when we go to the polls
in November of next year, that's going
to be paramount. Are grocery is high? Is
it our number one issue? Or do we care
about immigration or crime or healthcare
or other tertiary issues? But it's
really always the economy and the
president is underwater with the lowest
approval ratings that he has ever had in
this term or last because of the state
of the economy.
>> Henrietta, thank you as always.
Henrietta Tracer of Vader Partners with
the latest setting up the politics not
just for today but I think for a
generation in this country. Well, and
certainly this has been building for a
long time as you mentioned. This is
really uh dated be before the pandemic
and then exacerbated by the pandemic and
some of the policies during that. A real
question here is I mean we can get into
politics but how much do we end up
having cycles that don't adhere to
actually creating solutions that are
feasible to some of these issues, right?
I mean how much is it just promising
people handouts versus coming up with
constructive solutions that will take
time and it's a very difficult kind of a
quagmire. Unfortunately, we've heard a
lot of that in New York City [music]
over this campaign. Coming up on the
program, Gennady Goldberg of TD
Securities on the outlook for Fed rate
cuts. Plus, Yhara has your morning
movers. Uber shares falling on weaker
than expected guidance. That stock is
down by 4%.
[music]
Counting it down to the open about 2
hours away. Equities pulling back by
0.9% on the S&P. We're down by 1.2 on
the NASDAQ 100. Pretty defensive
posture. Cross assets so far this
Tuesday morning. Bonds a bit. Yields are
lower. Down by three basis points at the
front through the belly of the curve
onto 10. We're down [music] about two
basis points to 4.087%.
Just some risk aversion brewing through
the European session. Continues into the
US morning.
>> Yeah. And ironically, you're actually
getting some dollar strength on the
heels of it. But what I find interesting
is the risk aversion is coming on what
the idea of earnings that are really
good but maybe not as much visibility
for [music] next year. Are they coming
from the fact that a couple CEOs said
that they could see a 10 to 15% pullback
in the next two years? Well, who doesn't
say that, right? I mean, at what point
does this just speak to this aversion of
where valuations are and an excuse to
[music] maybe cash in just a little bit
before other people come in and buy?
>> Should we finish on Euro dollar?
>> Sure.
>> Just bring up the single currency. It's
been such a bizarre year for Euro
dollar. We've had a break of 115. We're
trading at 11481. [music]
I just want to go through the first
couple of quarters of the year. So for
the first quarter, Euro dollar was up by
more than 4%. Then we had this
additional move of close to 9% in the
second quarter. And since then, Lisa,
things have really really been pretty
sideways for the single currency. If
anything, there's been a bias to sell
it. So much of this year was defined, so
much of the narrative around foreign
exchange was defined by the first
quarter and early into the second
quarter for foreign exchange. And
[music] since then that sell the US sal
trade has lost a lot of steam.
>> Yeah. And a lot of the enthusiasm for
all of the infrastructure spending in
Germany has also lost some of its steam
in terms of how much it can really edify
the entire [music] region. You've seen
the weakness of Germany and France
relative to Portugal and Italy and Spain
and some of the other countries uh that
are in the southern parts of Europe. So
it raises a question how much is this
zero weakness and how much is this
dollar strength? Right now the Bloomberg
dollar index [music] is currently at its
highest going back to May. So really
we're tracing a lot of the weakening
that we had been seeing.
>> Euro dollar this morning 11481.
As we count you down to the opening bow,
let's get you some single names, some
morning movers. Let's cross over to
Yahara for more. Hey Yhara.
>> Hi John. We start with Uber. Those
shares are down nearly 4% [music] in the
pre-market despite the company posting
its strongest growth since 2023. Gross
bookings jumped 21% easily beating
estimates. and trips soared both here in
the US and [music] internationally. So
why the dip? Well, the stock had jumped
some 60% so far this year. Plus, Uber
[music] did highlight some legal costs
that did cause a dent to profits.
Meanwhile, turning to travel, we are
seeing [music] Norwegian Cruise Line
holding shares down nearly 9% after the
company warned that the final quarter of
the year will be softer than expected.
>> [music]
>> Plus, its yield growth, which is the
amount of money they make from each
passenger, will also be softer than
expected. So, some of that consumer
strain showing up in these [music]
results. And we end on shares of
Spotify. Those are in the green. They
are up nearly 5% after posting a solid
quarter. Monthly active users rose
[music] by more than expected, while
revenue topped forecast thanks to some
price hikes it implemented this year.
This comes as Spotify expands further
[music] into podcast and video. It
struck a deal with Netflix that will
bring some of its podcasts exclusively
[music] to Netflix, but not Joe Rogan.
John
>> Yahara, important final point. Thank
you. Spotify up by about 5%. On a radar
this morning, US voters heading to polls
across the country. Key races [music] in
New York City, New Jersey, and Virginia.
The first major election since President
Donald Trump's victory last November.
Where has 12 months gone? Just
absolutely bizarre. Elsewhere, Norway
Sovereign Wealth Fund will be voting
against Tesla's proposed $1 trillion pay
package for CEO Elon Musk, highlighting
concern over its size and the quote lack
of mitigation of key person risk. And
finally, what a 24 hours. Alphabet
selling 17.5 billion of bonds in the US
after tapping Europe's debt market for
6.5 billion euros. The firm joining the
likes of Oracle and Meta in utilizing
multi-billion dollar debt sales to
finance AI investments. This has been a
story that we've been talking about
throughout the year and it's not just
the big tech giants. And I think this is
important to mention. It's easy to say,
well, they're making so much cash that
at a certain point you can understand
why bond holders or bond buyers are
thinking, okay, we can accept this risk.
At the same time, it's not just them.
It's a tsunami of other related tech
issuance that's coming on the heels of
them that of companies that might be
more speculative. So, here is the
question. Is it really these companies
that are the risk or this proliferation
of the AI trade? You say AI three times,
everybody wants to buy your debt. And
that I think is what a lot of people are
examining with the cockroaches and the
cracks and the 10 to 15% draw down and
all of the other rhetoric that we're
hearing from CEOs.
>> One counterpoint, just one, and I'm
going to use some of the things that
you've often said and Peter Cheer has as
well. The risk is where the perceived
safety is, right? And people always talk
about the strength of the balance sheets
of these particular companies as being
the ultimate bastion of safety. That's
why they trade within around one
percentage point above treasuries like
the issuance we saw yesterday. So, is
this the one to track and not the other
stuff?
>> It's a great point, the idea that the
greatest risk is always in the in the
debt that's perceived as the safest. A
question though for that isn't
necessarily whether these companies are
going to go belly up or whether that
you're going to get a repeat of the
telecom industry where all of a sudden
AT&T bonds were trading at a very high
level and then suddenly they they sank
dramatically because ultimately they
didn't have the same kind of profit uh
expectations going forward that they did
in the past and then all of a sudden
they were downgraded with the debt and
the sustainability there. So, you're
right, but that's not necessarily an
overall bubble that's going to bust,
that's going to create this total credit
crisis as much as you might lose your
money, [laughter] lose some money.
>> These companies right now are making a
ton of money. And at the moment, just
for an observation, there's no push back
coming from credit at all. The order
book was absolutely massive yesterday.
And that's the thing I'd be looking for.
This is great for equity investors
because this is going to be funded by
the credit market. So, maybe that's a
another feather in the bullish cap this
morning. But for credit, I don't see the
push back. Do you
>> I don't see any push back. In fact,
Meta's book was completely
oversubscribed. Something like a hundred
billion dollars of of offers for their
$30 billion bond offering. I go back to
what Bob Michael of JP Morgan Asset
Management said, which is there is just
so much money chasing yield, so much
cash that is slashing around from the
pandemic, all the stimulus checks, all
of the additional rounds of payments
that are looking for something to earn
some income. And that might be the
biggest problem for some people because
ultimately it keeps going into some of
these instruments and you're going to
reward behavior you might not like but
what is your other option?
>> This story's changed for the tech
players. They used to issue a lot of
debt and it was to fund capital return
programs buybacks because they didn't
want to bring the money home from
abroad. That's a different kind of
issuance. This is capex and we talked
about it yesterday. People like these
companies and they came on this program
for years because they were asset light
and capital return heavy. That's not
what these companies are going to be
several years from now based on a
communication we've had from the likes
of Meta in the last week.
>> These are going to be property owners,
data center owners, energy plant owners.
These are going to be building out huge
infrastructure, making big bets because
it is an existential threat not to. And
so this is going to be increasingly a
faith-based story where we all have
faith in a future that looks similar to
what we are extrapolating from right
now, but where a lot can change.
>> Alphabet down this morning by close to
2%. The broader market not doing well. A
lot of that driven by some of the major
tech names that helped get us here.
Equity futures down by about 1% on the
S&P. Let's stay on the market and turn
to bonds. The US 10-year yield ticking
up following the Fed's October rate
decision. Gennady Goldberg of TD
Securities says, "Lock in the yield."
Writing, "We expect 10-year bond yields
to reach 390 by year end, 350 by the end
of 2026." Gennady joins us now for more.
Good morning, sir.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Why the bullish view that glide path
down to 350?
>> Well, a couple things. One is we do
expect the economy to moderate as we
head into next year. So gradual
moderation, not anything crazy, not a
recession necessarily, but significant
risks to both upside and downside and
we're leaning a little bit more towards
the downside. Second is that wall of
cash. And third, and I think this is a
key point that's missed by a lot, is the
Fed was a net seller effectively of of
treasuries all of the last couple of
years. Starting next year, they're going
to become a net buyer. Whether it's
through reinvesting MBS into Treasury
bills or doing reserve management
purchases, which we now expect in the
middle of 2026, they're going to be
buying, call it three to$400 billion of
Treasury bills over the next couple
years each year. That's a huge bullish
tailwind to the market where the
Treasury is already issuing the front
end.
>> Not QE or QE. It's going to look, walk,
talk, and quack like QE, but it's not
QE, right? It is reserve management
purchases. They will explain it. They
will keep explaining it unfortunately.
But what we know is that it's only to
keep the balance sheet at a constant
portion to to either bank assets or GDP
and it's to prevent a repo crunch. We
are seeing some pressures at the very
front end. So that could get pulled
forward. Right now our expectation is
mid2026 for those purchases. There is a
risk that as we head into year end we
might actually see some significant repo
pressures and they might be forced to
pull that forward even more. So, how
much is your bullish call an argument
about the US economy? And how much is it
a bet in the 2026 Fed that has an
inclination to suppress yields in
whichever way? A
>> little bit of both. I mean, honestly,
you've got the Fed quite, you know,
significantly looking to cut rates. I
would say, you know, we we do expect one
more cut in December. So, despite Powell
pouring cold water on December, I still
think it's a go. Next year, we expect
them to switch to more quarterly
cadence. So, going once in March, June,
and September to reach 3% terminal. And
part of that's going to be driven by
uncertainty on the economy. So if you've
got an uncertain economy, you continue
to gradually moderate policy until you
get to somewhere closer to neutral,
right? They don't want to overtighten
and that's going to drive yields a
little bit lower. And the closer you get
there, the more likely you are to for
the market to kind of branch out their
probability tree that more cuts could
potentially be coming. So that's part of
that. I guess I'm struggling with this
idea that some people are talking about
caution in the economy and other people
from Torson Slock to Henry Allen are
talking about inflationary pressures and
the fact that the economy is doing just
fine. So how do you square these ideas
that early next year we're going to get
the stimulus coming from some of the tax
plans from President Trump, the rebates
that people are expecting to get. You
could get a reaceleration from more
confidence around the tariff regime. You
could get a lot more uncertainty. But
this whole idea of a sense of
reaceleration into next year, why do you
push back so hard against that? So it's
a it's going to be a fat tales type of
year, right? Our base cases, you know,
whether mine or some of the other folks
you were talking about, I think our base
cases are fairly similar as the economy
is doing okay. We think there's going to
be some pressure at the very, you know,
lower tier of the consumer uh breakdown.
Uh those are going to be folks, yes,
they will get tax rebates, they will get
more kind of relief in that sense, but
we don't see enough for a full-blown
reaceleration. You've got a labor market
that's quite weak. You've got companies
that are taking on some of this margin
pressure and that it is feeding through
into their margin. So look at where the
inflation's coming from, right? It's
going to be coming from pass through
from goods prices. The question is, is
it going to come from services? We think
not. There are folks who think it'll be,
you know, just like CO where you'll get
that contagion basically into the
services sector. We don't think so. We
think it'll come from goods. It'll pass
through. The Fed will kind of look past
it kind of like Governor Waller's been
saying, right? It's a one-time deal this
time for real, right? That this time it
is really transitory, but once we get
through that, we should be easing to,
you know, to kind of take care of the
the softer labor market because it is
actually slowing down a little bit.
>> Governor Wallace is not the Fed chair
yet might be in [laughter] the future. A
lot of people come on this program say
he should be. He's not the Fed chair.
Does the heart of the committee based on
what you can see at the moment and hear,
are they willing to look through that
inflation hit?
>> I think so. I think they're cautious,
right? No one's really pounding the
table except for Governor Waller and I
think part of that is to potentially
become Fed chair. But I do think that
most of the kind of the core of the
committee sees neutral at around 3%. Not
375 or 4%. I think what you're hearing
now is a little bit of a mixed message
because we're reaching into kind of the
upper tiers of where folks expect
neutral to be. Look at the hawks. Look
at the four hawks who've spoken since
the um since the FMC meeting last week.
All of them see neutral at around 350 to
4%. We're scratching into their
territory. So they're saying, "Look,
we're done. We're we're neutral." If you
look at Powell, Waller, and some of the
other core FOMC members, they're all
thinking a heck of a lot lower from
here. I mean, you know, low threes, not
high threes is what they're thinking.
So, there's a lot more room for cuts.
All they need is just that data, right?
Which we've unfortunately been lacking
to tell them that they should continue
to cut rates. How dovish do you think
this committee is going to be in 26
given the vote mix the change the new
votes that we get on the committee plus
the new leadership in May and beyond
just how much strength is that dove that
uber dove in chairman pal C actually
going to have I think it's moderately
dobbish right like we're expecting 3%
simply because there is going to be that
split there will still be hawks on the
committee I mean you'll have Lorie Logan
you'll have Beth Hammock both voters
next year and they'll be replacing a
couple of hawks who are voting this year
so at the end of the Hey, you're going
to have a lot of disperate voices. It's
going to be, you know, I hate to say it,
data dependency will have to decide. The
problem with, you know, government
shutdown is you kind of have to do it on
on vibes and not on data. And the
problem is the Fed is not very
comfortable doing that.
>> Beth Hammock is just itching to descent,
right? You just get that feeling every
speech we get. Itching to descent.
>> She just keeps reiterating the inflation
concerns. And honestly, there is an
argument to be made. Jeff Schmidt really
also leaning into this. The idea that
inflation has remained above 2% for more
than 5 years. It starts to raise some
concerns at a time when everybody
disagrees in the labor market.
Considering the fact five people in a
room, you get 25 views in the labor
market.
>> We've got no data, at least not the
official data. Anyway, Gennady, it's
always good to see you. Thank you, sir.
Gennady Goldberg there of TD Securities.
If you are just joining us, welcome.
Equity futures down all morning. We're
down about 1% on the S&P 500. Some price
action still searching for a narrative.
We'll have more guests to weigh in and
tell you why they think we're down this
morning on the S&P and elsewhere. Let's
give you an update on stories elsewhere.
Here's your Bloomberg brief. Secretary
of State Marco Rubio reportedly helping
persuade President Donald Trump to leave
Nvidia chips out of last week's [music]
talks with China. The Wall Street
Journal reporting that Rubio warns
selling top tier chips to China could
pose a national security risk.
Elsewhere, shares of iHeart Media are
surging in the pre-market. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg that
Netflix is in talks to license video
podcasts distributed by iHart. Netflix
[music] is reportedly seeking
exclusivity for the programs. stock is
up by almost 14%. [music] And finally,
Starbucks is selling a majority stake in
a China unit to private equity firm Boy
Capital for 4 billion. Boy will take up
to 60% of Starbucks China retail
operations through [music] a joint
venture. That's the latest in our
Bloomberg brief. Up next, lastminute
orders. Companies have mitigated for the
[music] cost impact. What we have seen
is that retailers have postponed their
decision in making orders to the very
back end of the year. A conversation up
next with Kylie Cahoo of Jeffre from New
York City. You're [music] watching
Bloomberg TV.
Live from New York City, welcome back to
the program. Here are the scores so far
this Tuesday morning. Equity futures
negative by 1% on the NASDAQ down by 1.3
on the Russell down by 1.25. In the bond
market, a bit into treasuries. Yields
down across the curve. Twos out to 30s.
[music] 10's down by two to 4.09%. Down
by two at the front end of the curve as
well. 35779.
Some push back from some Fed hawks in
yesterday's session. I think also Lisa
coupled with the fact that we've had a
ton of issuance on the credit side and
typically [music] that kicks things
around for treasuries as well.
>> You have heard from Lisa Cook the first
time that she's really spoken publicly.
There have been some other officials
that have come out and talked about the
inflation risk. At the same time that's
been ongoing, right? We knew that this
was the case that there was a very split
committee that the supply though was a
big deal. The idea that you suddenly
have $30 billion 17.5 billion dollars
flooding the market. You have to think
there's some competition from the tech
sector. [music] Politics is well in
focus today. It's election day in
America. Can you believe it's been 12
months since the election?
>> I mean, it feels both like 10 years. And
>> where has the 12 months gone?
>> It's been in a hamster wheel that we're
all trying to catch up with to try to
understand what's going on.
>> Those of you that know me know that I
like to put the Christmas tree up early.
Like really, really early. First week in
November. Early. But this time around,
first week in November feels very,
[music] very early. I I can't believe
we're almost there.
>> So, what's what's really early for you?
December 1st.
>> Typically, I like the first week of
November. We're maybe going to push it
to like middle of November
>> next weekend, weekend after that. True
sign.
>> I don't wait for Thanksgiving.
>> That's just
>> I like to have the decorations up at
Thanksgiving.
>> I get it. It's beautiful. It's warm.
It's festive. Especially with the cold
air. I get
>> precisely. Let's talk about holiday
shopping this morning. Last minute
orders.
>> What we're seeing is that we companies
have mitigated for the cost impact.
Consumer demand for toys is growing has
been growing every quarter [music] in
the US and overseas. What we have seen
is that retailers have postponed their
decision in making orders to the very
back end of the year. [music] But seeing
that there is demand, there is consumer
demand. People are buying product at
retailers, we [music] expect to see a
good holiday season. So here's the
latest this morning. companies and
consumers dealing with tariffs and now
the government shutdown ahead of the
holiday shopping season. Kylie Kohu, a
consumer equity research analyst that
Jeffrey's writing the prolonged
government shutdown appears to have been
the primary catalyst driving consumer
sentiment to a new post-election low.
Kylie joins us now for more. Kylie, good
morning.
>> Good morning. Thank you for having me.
>> Thank you for being here. Just frame the
state of play for retail America going
into year end.
>> Well, it's a big question mark, right?
So what we're seeing is the consumer
seems bifurcated overall. We have the
lower income consumer who's clearly
being hurt and the recent SNAP benefits
that may or may not be coming is a big
question mark. Then you have the higher
income customers. They seem to be doing
pretty well. But the question is how
much are they going to spend on some of
these goods that are really increasing
in price due to tariffs as we head into
the holiday season.
>> You heard the Mattel CEO. He's trying to
work out whether people are going to buy
and stock the shelves. Is that going to
happen?
>> Well, right now the shelves in the toy
aisles themselves look pretty well
stocked. I wouldn't say that they're
overflowing like we saw last year. So,
that is going to be a uh headwind to toy
sales that we've seen in Q3. Now, the
question is, is this demand going to
show up in Q4? And then, will that flow
through to the toy companies closer to
the actual holiday? It's surprising how
little visibility even the CEOs have
about just how much people are going to
turn out and how much pricing power they
have. What's the strategy that you're
hearing from chief executive officers in
terms of how much they're increasing
prices, how much they expect consumers
to absorb some of the tariff increases
versus just accepting margin pressure.
>> Yeah. So overall, what we're seeing is
everyone's eating a little bit of the
tariff, right? So you're seeing that
both with the toy companies, you're
seeing that with their suppliers. You
might even see it with some of the
retailers and then ultimately what's
left over is being passed on to the
customer. How they're doing that, a lot
of them are describing it as very
surgical, right? So, [clears throat]
it's these items that are going to be
the hottest toys with the latest
releases, things like that, while
keeping these core items under that
sweet $20 price point. So in other
words, if you have popularity, use it
and you're going to be paying $2500
for something and then otherwise things
will be discounted. Are there companies
that are doing a better job of that than
others? Right. I mean, is this sort of a
tale of two consumer retail companies or
is this pretty broad-based? This is sort
of the accepted practice.
>> Unfortunately, it's pretty broad-based.
So, we like both Mattel and Hasbro
heading into the holiday season for
differentish reasons, right? Hasbboro
has that adult consumer that continues
to buy, continuing to show up. Mattel,
we really like the actual products, the
Wicked dolls, the Jurassic Worlds,
things like that. They're going to
resonate well with the kids themselves.
So, overall, we like it. It's just a
matter of again, are these people going
to buy into this holiday?
>> What are you learning from other
industries? Do you follow the restaurant
business? For instance, we've been
talking about Chipotle loads and trying
to figure out if that's a Chipotle
problem or a broader issue with the
economy. They've cited a younger
demographic who aren't spending as much.
Anyone who earns under 100k a year is
struggling in this country based on
their communication. Do you see that as
a single issue at a single company or
are you seeing that across the companies
you cover too?
>> I mean really we're seeing it across
consumer right. So just about any
consumer whether it is the really
low-end, the mid or the high-end no
matter what we're seeing them become
more choiceful. Now how choiceful
they're becoming really kind of does
depend on that all those kind of buckets
right? But no, unfortunately, we're
having to trade out of, you know, eating
out and then you're going to trade into
eating at home. Same thing with kind of
how the holiday shows up. People are
going to buy toys for their kids. That's
not necessarily the question. Question
is what are they going to buy and at
what price points?
>> Fed's tracking the same thing. What is
the consumer price tolerance right now?
Which is why the governor Mars of this
world are more concerned about labor
than they are inflation because they
don't think you can pass this on in
quite the same way as we saw coming out
of the pandemic.
>> Yeah. And really it's sort of
frustrating because we're looking for
the answer, right? Is the consumer
strong or is it weak? Are we going to
see that sort of uh real clarity moment
in this December when we have people
going out and spending and and accepting
the price increases or not? And it's the
same nuance story that is so
unsatisfying. I'm sorry. I don't mean to
be uh complaining about this, but Kylie
illustrated it. You know, they're doing
it on the margins. They're being
surgical. They're being smart about it.
So, their price increases here, but not
necessarily here, and some consumers are
being choiceful. And it's not a story
you could really be satisfied with
because it doesn't give you a sense of
what the policy mix really should be
going forward. I am sorry for the rant,
but it feels like this is going to be
the outgoing story.
>> Kylie enjoyed it. Laced it on your
>> You agree, right? I mean, how do you
have any conviction on anything?
>> Exactly. And I think that that is the
big question mark, right? Um, and I keep
kind of say saying that, but you know, I
keep telling my clients, I'm like, well,
what are you seeing in the consumer? And
then let's kind of build a framework
from there. What we're seeing in the
consumer is yes, there is confusion. And
to the point at the top of the segment
here, you know, is this just the
government shutdown? Are people just
confused about that? And could this
clear up in the next week? I don't know.
>> Kylie, I've got no idea how long the
government shutdown goes on for. Might
go beyond the next week. Kylie, thank
you. It's good to see you. Alohoo there
of Jeffre on retailers in America. Up
next, we'll catch up with Mira Panda to
JP Morgan Asset Management, Kathy
Boschanic of Nationwide alongside
Bloomberg's Mandep Singh and Michael B
from New York City this morning. Good
morning. In the third hour of Bloomberg
surveillance up next
[music]
AI story is so dominant. on it. Right
now,
>> the market is punishing anybody who
decides not to play in AI.
>> AI is going to be a defining trend
probably for the next 5, 10, 20 years.
>> You have to own a little bit of
everything, not just tech. Earnings
[music] grow is going to be better next
year than people expect. Right now, I
think it's, you know, we're in pretty
good position.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
[music]
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Blindberg Savannah starts right now and
your scores look like this. Pulling back
from close to all-time highs on the S&P
[music] 500. We're down across the
board. Down by 1% on the S&P, negative
by 1.4 on the Nasdaq. [music]
In the bond market, a bit a rally.
Yields are down across the curve. On a
2-year, we're down by three. On a
10-year, we're down by close to two,
[music] 4.09%. Going into all of this in
the week ahead, lots of economic data.
ADP, ISM services, a sprinkle of
earnings with AMD just around the corner
as well. And we [music] should not
forget it is election day here in New
York City and beyond Virginia and New
Jersey.
>> Yeah, possibly a a national referendum
or possibly just local issues that are
[music] coming to the four. A real
question here uh for New York City for
the fight for the Democratic party,
although ironically it's a fight between
[music] a socialist Democrat and an
independent. But nonetheless, there is a
real question here about whether this is
representative of a larger question. I
[music] do think it will be very
interesting in this mini midterm to see
how much President Trump looms large and
how much [music] it's a referendum on
some of the recent policies and whether
that really plays into reopening the
government or any of the potential
policies.
>> Certainly loomed large yesterday, didn't
it? Wasn't that strange? Governor Cuomo,
former Governor Cuomo talking about
standing up to the president and then
the president coming out and endorsing
him.
>> I mean, thank you. But at a certain
point, you have to wonder whether it was
a welcome endorsement, right? Because it
gave Zoran Madani an easy way of saying,
"Well, of course he wants him to win.
He's going to be the one that's better
[music] for his policies." And then, of
course, Andrew Cuomo is saying, "Well,
we're going to at least be able to stand
up to him because he wants us to be
there and then he'll give us funding." I
mean, it's very awkward. This really
highlights how awkward it is for
President Trump to be involved in this
at a time where it is the key reason the
Democrats [music] have to have any unity
whatsoever. Other than that, what do
they have? And I think that's been one
of the challenges. What is the more
proactive [music]
uh balance message versus just we're not
Trump.
>> That's the politics for New York City
and beyond. And we'll have more on the
beyond [music] later on this hour. Need
to talk about this market too. Palanteer
came out with earnings after the closing
bell. Earnings were okay. Stocks down on
otherwise pretty decent news. Taking a
broader market with it. We've had
complaints push back from certain CEOs
on Wall Street as well. We heard from
Morgan Stanley, [music] from Goldman
Sachs, from others too. really pointing
out the obvious. The valuations are
stretched. Valuations are full. The
rally is sort of long in the tooth. And
we've heard this a million times from a
million different people.
>> And the Palunteer earnings really
[music] highlight just how much these
worries are coming to fruition. Give
your narrative whatever you want for
today's uh blip. But the fact that these
shares are up 150% so [music] far this
year is the reason why they're down 7.5%
right now after reporting earnings the
21st consecutive beat and going out and
talking about Alex Karp, the CEO, saying
we are in a nosebleleed zone. [music] No
one else is here. everyone coming out
and saying this is amazing. You have a
company that's $4 billion in revenues
and they are posting 63% growth. Oh my
goodness, this is a moonshot. And yet
the shares are down because they didn't
give enough guidance about how much of a
moonshot it was going to be next year.
This just highlights people are getting
nervous. They're taking some chips off
the table. I don't know how much we can
extrapolate out. Be honest.
>> Let's take a step back. How difficult is
[music] it to construct a super bearish
argument right now given the limited
push back that we're seeing in places
like corporate credit [music] when these
companies come out and issue the kind of
debt they have? Meta last week, Alphabet
in the last 24 hours and the order
[music] book is loaded up to the extent
that it was. How difficult is it to sit
here and say, "Yeah, we're on the
precipice of something really bad
happening with the credit market just
sucking it all up right [music] now."
>> Very difficult. Which is why every dip
has been bought. I think the bigger
question is, will there be a deep seat
moment [music] where some of the big uh
buildout in infrastructure gets called
into question? akin to back in the 1950s
when computers came out and there was an
entire room the size of this room that
was in order that was needed to house a
computer and now we have it on our on
our phones. So this is sort of some of
the discussion but we're not there yet
and the demand is just still [music] so
outpacing supply
>> at these levels. I get it. Our capacity
to absorb bad news is somewhat limited.
We've pulled back by [music] about 1% on
the S&P 500. Coming up this hour, we'll
be catching up with Mandep Singh of
Bloomberg Intelligence as AI bubble
concerns continue to grow. We'll [music]
speak to Mirror Panda of JP Morgan Asset
Management with stocks pulling back from
all-time highs and Kathy Boschantic of
Nationwide as traders turn to private
data for rate cut clarity. We begin this
hour with stocks falling as Palanteer's
earnings despite an increased revenue
outlook failed to meet Wall Street's
lofty expectations fueling concerns that
the stock might be overvalued. Mandy
Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence joins us
now for more. Mandep welcome to the
program sir stock is down and down hard.
Is that validated? Is that move
justified by the numbers you heard
yesterday?
>> I mean look it was a nice beat and race
quarter but right now I would compare
Palunteer to someone like Open AAI which
is also valued at you know $500 billion
in market cap in private market. And
when yeah I look at the growth
trajectory of Open AI I mean look that
company is uh almost you know 13 billion
plus in ARR. Palanteer is more like four
to five billion in revenue. So from that
perspective, you know, why is open AAI
not valued higher than Palunteer? And
and that question comes up, you know,
even though Palunteer's growth is
stellar and the quarter was great, but
it's just not growing as fast as an
OpenAI or anthropic is. And so that's
why I think you're seeing this kind of a
stock reaction this morning.
>> Mandy, we were just speaking moments
ago. Lisa was talking about it, the lack
of push back in credit. We have had a
little bit of push back in equity in the
past week. We saw that with Meta. We've
seen it again with Palanteer. Is there a
broader story beginning to build in the
equity market?
>> Well, I think the ROI question is
getting asked more and more. And so what
this earnings showed us was the
hyperscalers that were not showing uh
clear ROI. Uh notably Meta. I think
that's where you saw a negative stock
reaction. The other ones, you know,
Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft. Microsoft I
think was more of kind of a reflection
of the whole open AAI situation right
now. But overall I think the
hyperscalers with public cloud revenue
did get rewarded in terms of positive
stock reaction. So to my mind the ROI
question is front and center and
companies that are showing ROI and
valuation is not stretched. You are
still seeing upside uh to estimates and
valuation.
>> Mandep thank you sir. Mandep Singh there
of Bloomberg Intelligence Palunteer down
in the pre-market by about 7%. For the
broader market, Miranda JP Morgan asset
management writes the following. AI is
not a bubble. It's not a boom. It's a
boom and bust. Tech drives sweeping
secular trends and structural change,
but it's also inherently cyclical. Mera
joined us now for more. Mera, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Where are we in that so-called cycle?
>> I think we're sort of midcycle still.
We've seen some of the heady increase
from 2023 and 2024 in terms of the
buildup to this technology. But what we
should remember is when we see any sort
of innovation, yes, it can lead to a
secular bull market within that theme,
but there's going to be some fits and
starts. We saw in January pullback. We
saw uh in April a pullback there. If we
looked back to 2022 before a lot of this
AI really took off, even within the mag
7, you saw the the maximum draw down
that year and that cohort of companies
about 43%. So investors should still
expect that there can be some volatility
within this theme even if the overall
trend is to move higher because these
are cyclical assets as you guys have
talked about here. We've moved from a
very capital light industry to something
more capital heavy and there is a chip
cycle, there is a capex cycle. I do
think that these companies will be
subject to the es and flows of those
types of cycles over the arc of time.
>> How do you understand when we're
reaching the limits of valuation because
that's ultimately what the market seems
to be questioning this morning?
>> It's a question that's not only around
the AI stocks is for the broader market
and we do find some justification for
the higher valuations that we're seeing.
But ultimately when you look at the bull
case for some of these AI stocks, you're
still seeing that revenue production.
You're still seeing that overall
leverage is low. Yes, some of these
companies are increasingly tapping the
bond markets, but that is smart capital
allocation. When you think about if you
were a home buyer, you may not buy your
house in all cash even if you had the
wherewithal to do so. That financing
still does make sense in this
environment. You think about the demand
that is there and the demand that is
being monetized. So, I do think that
you're getting what you're paying for at
this stage. It's just important to watch
how does adoption evolve in some of
these AI applications. Are people paying
for them? Are people using them to make
poems and memes? Are they actually using
them for business purposes and
enterprise purposes? Um, again, are they
being paid? Are they being used in the
right way? Uh, are they gaining that
traction? Is there any drop off in
adoption? Because some of these
companies may be very cashri, but not
all of their buyers are. Uh, we have to
think about the power limitations. We
have to think about that circularity of
deals. Is this a game of dominoes where
if somebody falls down, everybody else
does? Or is it a game of musical chairs
where if somebody doesn't get the chair,
everybody else is still okay? So, a lot
of considerations within this theme, but
overall, we still do feel confident at
the stage we're in coming out of
earnings season where we've seen what
we've seen from some of these companies.
>> To be fair, some people think that poems
and memes are work, and that actually
could be the way that we all put our
analyst notes out in our discussion
>> for poems. What's going on here?
[laughter]
>> Roses are red, violets are blue.
>> Oh, it's that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah.
We're so happy. We hope you are, too.
I'm just curious.
>> Sorry, I have cats in. All [laughter]
right.
>> No, but I agree. I mean, I don't know
that anyone's using it for their poetry,
although I do know that my oldest son is
in a poetry class, so I can't promise
that he is not using it for his poetry.
I am curious, though, at what point do
you see warning signs versus doubling
down and seeing a sell-off and saying,
"Okay, I need to buy more." I think the
market reaction right now is actually
reasonably healthy because when you
think about the earnings that were
produced, they were still overall pretty
good across the board. And you actually
continuously over the last three
quarters have seen earning surprises for
the Mag 7 as a cohort above 10%. So very
elevated levels of surprise and yet the
market is still being somewhat punishing
where the guidance doesn't look as
strong as it could. So you do see that
the the market while it continues to
rise and it continues to rally around AI
increasingly where the investment is
going from the average investor is
actually to some of the broader AI
themes. It's not just the AI innovators,
it's the enablers. When we think about
things like industrials and utilities,
look at some of the growth rates this
quarter in terms of earnings on
utilities, which used to be a pretty
sleepy sector, but you're seeing 20%
growth rate in earnings in that sector.
So, you're seeing that broadening out.
Again, I think that the area that we'd
watch for most is can you get to the AI
adopters and what are people willing to
pay? Are they adopting at increasing
rates? That is the question mark. And I
think that's where some of the the
broader concerns that may not be within
the AI companies could extend out and it
maybe won't be a credit issue, but if we
do see a slower economy at some point
and people are pulling back on what
they're planning to spend on their AI,
then that could be a sign that things
have been overbuilt for a time period.
Again, these are cyclical. You can see a
downswing. You can also potentially see
an upswing. But right now when we look
at that earnings contribution from the
MAG 7 that have reported so far they
make up four of the strongest upside
contributors from a company perspective
but also one of the weakest. So that
bifurcation I do think is a healthy sign
that that investors are responding
accordingly.
>> It sounds like at the moment you've got
a lot of the clarity that you need even
without the official economic data. Are
there any blind spots for you at the
moment? Certainly, we would like to see
what that economic data is showing
because as I think it relates to the
rates picture, there's a lot of question
marks. I don't know that the rates
picture flows in as as neatly into the
AI story because it is pretty pretty
rate insensitive given how some of that
is being financed. But if you then move
over to the macro picture and you think
about the Fed and how they're making
decisions, this tugofwar that we're
still in between hotter inflation,
weaker jobs is a huge outstanding
question. And you could say, well, maybe
the data is not showing anything new
underneath the surface. But that wasn't
the case this summer where we saw
meaningfully weaker demand for labor and
didn't really see it coming. Or it was
also not the case with inflation where
we expected to see more of a bigger
pickup from tariffs and yet you've seen
core goods in a reasonable spot, maybe
some hot spots like apparel, but overall
not a huge pass through effect. So I
think understanding on the margin where
some of those issues are would be
incredibly helpful for us as investors
as we think about the rate environment.
>> That debate is not going to be resolved
by year end because we don't have the
economic data. And based on the division
of the Federal Reserve, I'm not sure
that two payrolls reports, even if we
get them, are going to change many
people's minds.
>> Yeah. The problem is it's not just that
we don't have data, we don't have a
reaction function right now. Can anyone
describe what exactly this Fed uh this
Fed committee is looking at that will
determine what exactly will make the
difference between a rate cut and not?
And I don't think anyone has a good
answer.
>> They're all looking at different things
at the moment. Mirror, you're going to
stick with us, I'm pleased to say.
Mirror Panda at JP Morgan Asset
Management. If you're just joining us,
welcome back to the program. Equity
futures at the moment on the S&P 500
negative. We're down by about 1%. That's
the price action. Let's give you an
update on stories worldwide. Here's your
Bloomberg brief. We start with the
government shutdown in its 35th day. One
area that's been hard hit, air travel.
According to trade group Airlines for
America, more than three million
passengers have faced cancellations and
delays related to staffing since the
shutdown started. Elsewhere, Spotify
shares rising in the pre-market. The
company reporting monthly active users
grew 11% [music] year-over-year in the
third quarter. Spotify 713 million
active users and 7% revenue increase
beat analyst expectations. That stock is
up [music] by close to 6%. And finally,
shares of Uber falling in early trading.
right sharing gap, posting [music] its
strongest quarterly growth since late
23, while also delivering a beat on
gross bookings. Uber also announcing it
will change how the company reports
profitability starting next year. That
stock is down by 4.5%. [music]
Up next on the program, the morning
cause, plus an update on the race for
New Jersey governor as election day
heats up. That conversation just around
the corner.
Of
[music]
course, it is likely there'll be, you
know, a 10 to 20% [music] draw down in
equity markets sometime in the next 12
to 24 months
>> on the near-term. valuation side,
there's some challenges.
>> We should also welcome the possibility
that there would be draw downs, 10 to
15% draw downs that are not driven by
some sort of macro cliff effect. [music]
>> Can we pull this call this push back or
just sort of state the obvious that you
get a 10 to 20% draw down sometimes?
>> I'm actually laughing because I'm
thinking people are using that [music]
discussion as justification for what
we're seeing this morning.
>> Yeah. No.
>> Yeah. Thank you. I think that sums it
up. I
>> I'm right there with you. I'm struggling
with it, too. Here's the price action.
And we've said all morning price action
struggling for a narrative so far. We're
down about 1% on the S&P 500. On the
NASDAQ 100, down by 1.4. Similar move on
the Russell. We're down by 1.3. That's
the price action into the opening bow.
Let's get you some morning calls with
one stock in focus. Palanteer. First up,
Bank of America raising its price target
on the stock to 255, saying it has quote
a winning differentiated formula.
Elsewhere, Missou raising its price
target on Palanteer to 205, expecting it
to benefit from long-term AI trends. And
finally, Jeff also raising its price
target, citing strong fundamentals, but
seeing an unfavorable riskreward.
[music] So, we've got a stock that's
down hard in the pre-market and the
analysts are basically boosting their
price targets on the stock
>> because ultimately what Alex Karp talked
about was this nosebleleed moment and
the fact that you're seeing really rapid
growth. So either people don't want to
bet against it because [music] it's
career risk or there is some sort of
dissonance with concern about valuations
where they are versus the analysis
community that sees real upside.
>> Stock is down by 6 to 7% through most of
this morning. Broader market at the
index level on the S&P 500 negative by
about 1%. [music]
Let's turn back to the politics and the
elections. The New Jersey gubanatorial
race between Democratic Representative
Mikushiro and Republican Mike
Chitterelli is tightening. Bloomberg's
remain bostic charged with following the
story throughout this morning and into
the afternoon. Joins us now from New
Jersey. Remaine, what's at stake in New
Jersey today?
>> What's at stake is really a referendum
to a certain extent on the national
political climate. John, here in the
United States, election cycles are every
four and two years. These off-year
election cycles, like the one we're in
right now, typically aren't all that
notable. But this one's different. We're
one year removed from one of the most
controversial US elections in history.
and one year ahead of what could be even
a more controversial midterm election.
And that puts a governor's race like the
one here in New Jersey highly in focus.
Jack Chitterelli, he's a Republican
candidate. He's run twice before and
lost. But each time he's picked up
ground here, and so too have
Republicans. Remember, this is a heavily
Democratic state, at least in terms of
the way it votes, John, but not
necessarily in terms of the actual
registered voters. This is a state where
independents outnumber Republicans by a
significant margin. and pretty much keep
sway with Democrats on pace about 38% to
35% and those folks are the ones that
are going to decide this elections.
Those are the folks that Jack Chidarelli
has been courting and so too has Mikey
Cheryl. And now Cheryl's lead, a
commanding lead that she had just a few
weeks ago, 10 plus percentage points.
That is now narrowed considerably. The
most recent polls, John, now showing
that she has a lead in some cases of as
little as 3 to 5 percentage points.
Remain 12 months since the national
general election and you helped lead our
coverage, our swing state coverage just
12 months ago. Do you get the sense that
this race in New Jersey actually takes
the temperature of the mood of this
country or is it specific to this state?
>> A little bit of both, John. It's hard to
say. When you talk to people here, they
say that yes, this will this is a
basically a centrist state and maybe it
will give us a little bit of a sense as
to whether this nation will continue to
move to the right or maybe swing a
little bit back towards the center. the
president of the United States, Donald
Trump and his surrogates, they seem to
feel that they can actually turn what
has been a blue state for at least the
last three to four decades into a red
state. Remember uh John, in the last
election, Trump really narrowed uh his
uh his support here uh in this state. He
lost to Biden uh four years ago by 16
percentage points. He only lost to
Harris by 5 percentage points. So the
Republican party actually thinks that
they have a chance to actually flip this
state not only at the governor's level
but maybe potentially uh come in about 3
years time in the next presidential
election cycle.
>> Raine looking forward to your coverage.
Thank you sir. Raine Bastik on the
ground over in New Jersey. He'll be
tracking that race throughout today on
Bloomberg TV and on Bloomberg radio.
Affordability Lisa. I've seen some of
the campaign ads from both sides and a
lot of this comes down to affordability.
We've seen the same thing in New York
City. That is a national issue right
now. In fact, for a lot of the West,
including Europe, it's an international
issue.
>> It's the economy, stupid. Again and
again, this is a reason why there's been
such a focus on housing from the
administration. This is why people are
talking about the grocery stores. A
question here about what approach is
going to actually win out and what that
means for how politics are going to be
colored going forward because ultimately
it's just a disagreement on how to solve
the problem, not necessarily what the
problem is.
>> Mirror Panda of JP Morgan asset
management still with us. Mera, let's
talk about this economy and what it
means for this market. We've got a
K-shaped economy. We've got a K-shaped
market as well. That's fueling the
politics. The remain of the team were
just talking about throughout the most
of this morning. For you, does that
matter? Is that a feature or a bug of
the equity market? We can park the
inequality, the politics. Let the
politicians take care of that. For the
equity market, is that necessarily
problematic?
>> It's not necessarily problematic for the
equity market. Of course, it is more
problematic for the overall economy, but
I I think from an equity market
perspective, we tend to see that
investors are uh upper income, upper
wealth and and so some of that wealth
effect is certainly acrewing there. But
equally, you still see that it impacts
people in the long term at every income
level when you think about pension
funds, retirement and the structure of
the equity market has also changed over
time in the fact that we do see more
passive flows, 401k flows and the retail
investor becoming such a more prominent
market participant. So to the extent
that some of the other part the lower
parts of the K are involved in that
market, it's helpful, but it's really
more of an economic question than it is
a market one. When we think about what
can continue to drive the market higher,
>> at the same time, there's a real
question about whether you can get a
broadening out in the overall market
performance. If you don't get a
broadening out over the with the overall
economy, we were talking to Toristan
Slack earlier about a K-shaped market in
tandem with a K-shaped economy. At what
point do you think a rate cut is needed
to get that broadening out or do you see
it happening or expect it to happen even
without it? We are seeing some degree of
broadening out. So, if I look at the
best 50 performing stocks in the S&P
500, you can see that nine out of the 11
sectors are represented. And of those
best 50 stocks, only two are mag seven
right now. And last week or about two
weeks ago, none of them were mag seven.
It's really been a result of earnings
that have boosted them back into those
top 50, which I think is a good thing
because they've earned their way back
into that cohort. But the biggest is
clearly not the best right now. However,
the concentration issue there is less
about Mag 7, non-Mag7. It's about the AI
theme because you still do have a a sort
of K-shaped market in that the AI stocks
and beneficiaries whether they're in
tech or not because you see them in
industrials and utilities coming into
the fold are the ones benefiting over
the rest of the market. So, I do think
as investors we need to look for
opportunities outside of that. And one
of the biggest ones I've seen coming out
of earning season is within financials.
It's been an area over the last couple
of weeks and months that has softened a
bit. And yet, if you look at the
fundamentals there, if you look at that
increase in S&P 500 earnings over the
course of this quarter and that growth,
the largest contributor in terms of
sector is financials. All five of those
subsectors are seeing doubledigit
earnings growth. And when you think
about some of the broader drivers, macro
environment still at a high level is
okay. Look, financials are exposed to
that lower end income consumer because
they do offer debt. So, if they're
getting a decent read right now and are
not so worried about loan losses, that's
a good sign. And then what you're seeing
from a deregulation standpoint is you
maybe don't see these sweeping
proclamations of deregulation like
you've seen in other areas of policy.
But that passive deregulation when
companies feel more comfortable about
the regulatory environment certainly
does seem to be helping.
>> Best performing stock on the S&P this
year, Robin Hood. Doesn't that speak to
the moment?
>> Yeah, the Robin Hood and sort of the
meme stock trend and how much that's
driven all volumes, not only. Thank you.
It's good to see you as [music] always.
Mirror Panda, JP Morgan, asset
management. There's another man looking
to take from the rich and give to the
poor. It's the main event a little bit
later in New York City. You didn't like
that promo.
>> I think it's, you know, it's another
moment. That's what I was trying to
speak to. I think I think that that's
good. I think that that's uh, you know,
I don't know. Yeah, maybe he would
embrace that.
>> You know, that's what I was trying to
get at.
>> I think that's clever. I think that's
good. All right, we're going to move on
from New [music] York. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
>> [music]
>> This move is sticking at least for now.
We're down by more than 1% on the S&P,
down 15 on the NASDAQ, down by 1.4 on
the Russell. The opening bal about 60
minutes away in the bond market shaping
up as follows. [music] Twos, tens, and
30s. Twos at 358. Very defensive this
morning. Yields down by two basis points
on twos, down by one basis point on 10
on 30s. Just about stable. This came
from Andrew Honhorse of City just
moments ago. Send in the doves. Where
Hammock, Schmid, and Logan are more
concerned about upside risk to
inflation. Daly and Cook are more
focused on downside risk to employment.
Throw in Myron as well. This committee
is as split as it's ever been.
>> And right now, Fed Chair J Pal is not
exactly [music] controlling the message
when it comes to giving some unity to
all of them. So that's why we keep
talking about what's the reaction
function. We don't have data. We don't
have a reaction function concept from
the Federal Reserve. So people are
looking beyond 2026 and saying we will
have a reaction function then and it
will be very different than [music]
trying to parse all the differentials
here in this particular committee.
>> I've got a little bit of sympathy for
chairman pow right now. It's difficult
to reflect the consensus that does not
exist on the committee one and two
[music] as Bob Michael of JP Morgan put
it. We know he's a lame duck fed chair
going into May and we know there's going
to be a change at the top of the
committee.
>> Honestly it's clever that he said we're
in [music] a foggy street so we might as
well drive a little more slowly. I mean,
when you're in doubt, just, you know,
delay. And that seems to be what they're
doing right now.
>> December is not a foregone conclusion.
Far from it. It was scripted. It was
repeated. [music]
It was heavy in intention. And you get
the feeling he wanted that to be the
headline in the news conference last
week.
>> He wanted to push back. He wanted to
inject some uncertainty into the market
pricing, which had been an incredibly
high chance of a rate cut in December.
When you take a step back, it raises a
question about what the what this
committee is looking at the labor
market, how much they're looking at
actual weakness, how much they're
finding it in the actual numbers versus
the unemployment rate, and whether they
actually care about inflation. Beth
Hammock, yes. Lorie Logan, yes. Some
others, not so much. They're saying it's
going down and that is the direction
that will keep on heading.
>> That headline from Chairman Pow was the
most accurate thing he said [music] in
that news conference. Given everything
we've heard since then, December is a
fargone conclusion. Far from a far-gone
conclusion. Right now, we're negative by
about 1% on the S&P 500. Let's get you
an update on single names, your morning
movers with Yahara Arland. Hey yhara. Hi
John. We are seeing shares of Herz
soaring 22% [music]
in the pre-market. After a big
turnaround quarter for the company as it
returns to profitability. Adjusted EPS
coming in at 12 cents a share, handily
beating the 3 [music] cents expected.
The company says its fleet refresh and a
back to basics strategy helped get more
cars on the road [music] than ever.
Remember, Herz struggled significantly
as it overestimated how [music] many
people wanted to take EVs on road trips.
Moving on to another transportation
named Uber. Those shares falling 8.4% in
the pre-market [music] despite posting
their strongest growth since 2023. Gross
bookings jumping 21% [music]
handily beating estimates. So why the
dip?
Expectations were high with the stock up
60% [music] year to date. Plus, Uber did
highlight some legal costs that put a
dent on profits. And we end on Norwegian
Cruise Line Holdings. Those shares also
down more than 8% in the pre-market
after the company warns the final
quarter of the year will be softer
[music] than expected and that its yield
growth, so the amount of money that it
makes per passenger will also be softer
[music] than expected. So, another sign
of consumer strain showing up in
earnings results, John.
>> Or just improving [music] taste, you
know, one or the other. Yahara, thank
you. You don't have to comment on that.
You know how I feel about cruises.
Foregone conclusion. I can speak now.
Far from a foregone conclusion. [music]
Anyway, let's turn to the Federal
Reserve. Governor Lisa Co giving her
first policy speech since President
Donald Trump tried to remove her from
office back in August. Blake's Mike McKe
joins us now for more. Mike, give us a
summary of the communication we've had
from the Federal Reserve in the last 24
hours. Well, it's a little more than 24
hours, John, because we go back to
Friday when the uh blackout lifted. We
have had a number of Fed officials
giving their spin on what happened at
the October meeting. And we've put
together in honor of election day a sort
of political poll of what Fed officials
are thinking about right now. Uh you've
got three who are voting pause, uh three
who are undecided, and of course, one
who we know uh is going to want to cut
no matter what. Uh you're right about
Lisa Cook. She made her first remarks
since the president started going after
her job. Yeah. Yesterday and we put her
in an undecided category. Even though
you might make the case that she's
leaning towards hold because she says,
"I see the current policy rate as
remaining modestly restrictive, which is
appropriate given that inflation remains
somewhat above our 2% target." What she
did not talk about, of course, was her
legal case. She thanked people's for
their concern, but said because it's an
ongoing legal case, I'm not going to
talk more about it. We do have a number
of Fed officials speaking the rest of
this week, we'll be able to fill out
more of that survey. Although, I do want
to ask why people on Wall Street care so
much right now given the fact that we're
more than a month away from the next Fed
meeting. And if we do get a government
shutdown ending, we're going to get an
awful lot of data between now and
December 10th. and a lot of people could
change their minds.
>> Mike, how reliable would that data be
given data collection issues? You know
this better than most. Can you just
describe the process to collect the data
from the previous few months?
>> Well, of course, it depends on the data
that you're collecting. The September
data is pretty much all in and so we
should get September data relatively
quickly, including the jobs report. The
issue is going to be in the jobs report
and the inflation numbers for October.
inflation in particular because BLS
officials uh workers were not able to go
out and collect the prices that they
normally get. They can get a certain
percentage of them via the internet and
so they may be able to put out a
somewhat truncated CPI report. The jobs
report we can get the number of people
who are on payrolls. Uh that most of
that comes in electronically. It's the
unemployment report which is a telephone
survey which could be a bit of a
problem. So, uh, we're not exactly sure
when we would get anything from October
and how valid it's going to be.
>> Mike McKe, thank you, sir. Track of the
Fed speak from the committee following
that decision last week to cut interest
rates, but plenty of debate by whether
we should have cut at all or should have
cut more. Kathy Boschansic of Nationwide
writing, "We maintain our forecast for
an additional 25 basis point rate cut at
the December meeting. However, given the
deepening split within the FOMC, it
looks to be a closer call." Kathy joins
us now for more. Kathy, good morning.
>> Good morning, Jeff. that word you're
precise more precise than me deep things
are getting worse you actually think
they're becoming more divided on the
committee not less
>> oh absolutely you know and it's been a
progression you've seen that right and
it makes sense as you start to decide
you know how many more rate cuts you get
to neutral and do you even eventually
need to accommodate you know the first
rate cuts are easy and then it gets more
difficult but this is I think the most
divided Fed I I can recall frankly at a
really pivotal time frank at at the same
you know at the same crime and we lack
the data as you as you mentioned. So it
makes it even more difficult I think for
them to gain a consensus on on the
committee.
>> You could make an argument it's not just
a political division that this really is
a division about what's going on in the
economy. You talk about a deepening uh
strain in the labor market. Other people
say it's actually reacelerating and it's
poised to reacelerate further at the
beginning of next year. How do you gauge
the depth of of of the weakening that
some people are saying is a reason for
the Fed to be cutting interest rates?
>> Yeah. So I I think you know it comes
down to two things. I think one it's
it's the employment and the inflation
picture, right? Do you think inflation
is the increase is going to be
temporary? Um and I think also the
degree of that so far it's been
moderate. Um and then on the labor
market side are are things really
softening to a degree that it's that
warrants, you know, further rate cuts
and we think so. And it's not just a
supply story. You're seeing it on the
demand side. And um that means it's more
cyclical and we saw this even before,
you know, the most recent rate cuts and
before AI really came onto the scene in
a big way, right? We were seeing that
the cyclical parts of the economy were
not hiring in in a very big way. So I
think that's the concern and I think
policy has been restrictive this whole
time. Um and we're just not as worried.
You know, inflation is something to
watch, but we're not worried that this
is the start of a new inflation cycle.
>> How do you reconcile the fact that you
see it as a restrictive monetary policy?
uh from the Federal Reserve. How do you
pair that with the financial conditions
that we're seeing, which is record
highs, not today, uh and a very open
credit market. How do those two stories
square? Yeah. So, so one of the things I
think has really been interesting is Fed
Governor Waller has spoken about a
difference between overall financial
conditions and financial conditions for
the consumer or everyday Americans. And
we're actually creating we're building
that um indicator just because he he
mentioned it. And I think it really is
worthwhile. If you look at auto loan
rates, right, or or mortgage rates, you
know, the fact that the Fed is said is
far from a foregone conclusion. Yields
backed up. So that means auto loan rates
went higher. Uh mortgage rates move a
bit higher and and other consumer rates.
So yes, you know, credit conditions uh
bond spreads are narrow, the equity
market is soaring overall. Um that
doesn't mean that borrowing rates for
the average consumer is um is low and
their financial conditions, I think, are
tight right now. Kathy, can we address
something Lisa's asked quite often? How
much influence do they have over Main
Street borrowing and those kind of
indicators, those kind of measures?
>> Well, not directly, right? Of course,
they they directly impact the Fed funds
rate and then maybe influence rates
directly out through two-year yields,
but but it does feed through, right? And
and it's a series of rate cuts. It's not
just do they move today or or in
December. It's more about the
trajectory. And I think they they have
influence. We have seen um 5year note
yields come down sevenyear. That's where
auto loan rates are based off of. And so
I think it is important that they they
look at that as well and consider that
when they're
>> you've identified another split because
on the committee we saw from the Kansas
City Fed President Schmidtly came out
and gave a big statement and in that
statement basically identified financial
conditions the one that Lisa looks at as
being problematic and saying there's no
sign that things are too tight. Governor
Waller saying something completely
different. Governor Waller also coming
on this program. He sat in your chair in
your seat and he said, "I don't think
that's my mandate. That's not the
mandate. We shouldn't be focused on
those financial conditions whether
equity markets are at record highs or
credit spreads are super tight." Do
different officials interpret that
mandate differently?
>> Well, appear it's appearing that's the
case more so. I mean, because it used to
be and I think really Fed Governor makes
a good point. I think it used to be that
you would look at overall financial
conditions and I think it's not just
members of the committee but I think in
general economists were looking at that
but I think when you when you look at
you know the bifurcation the K-shaped
economy you're seeing that in financial
conditions right now too and when they
suggest they're not going to cut rates
we saw the back up in yields
immediately. So will 25 basis points a
rate cut actually help consumers that
much or will it just inflate a bubble
that you're seeing or inflate uh
whatever you want to call it elevated
valuations in the rest of the market
right does it actually help narrow or
widen the K so my view is it does help
um and again it's not just the 25 let's
say they go in December but if we get
further rate cuts next year it's again
the the if you go out along the
maturities the 5year the seven year 10
year they're pricing in future Fed
policy Right. So that path rem that that
does have a big importance. I think
what's happening in the equity market, I
think it a lot of it's driven by AI,
right? And tech I I don't think has
anything to do with interest rates or
very little. Um there's this euphoria
that's taken over the equity market. So
John, let me get this straight. We don't
know the reaction function from the Fed.
>> Nope.
>> Not getting data. Not understanding
exactly what the mandate is of the Fed.
And we don't know what the Fed is going
to look like next year. Just want to
make this straight. So, we're trying to
game out Fed policy and there really is
not a lot of guidance here.
>> I think you're describing a leadership
vacuum.
>> Thank you. That's probably a more
concise way of saying the one criticism
that people might have for Chairman Pow
right now. In fact, Bob Michael of JP
Morgan alluded to that last week that
the division you're seeing on the
committee, the fractured news conference
we got, all the Fed speak you're hearing
right now. For Bob, he believes that's a
sign of a Fed chair that's lost his grip
on this committee.
>> Yeah. And on some level, part of that is
by design because he is a lame duck. But
at what point does that raise the
possibility of a policy mistake?
>> Well, I I agree with you. I think he has
lost some control of the committee. Um,
and he is somewhat of a lame duck. So,
you're looking ahead to next year, who
fills his seat, right? And what's the
the the other composition? And how does
the data play out? I mean, I think the
end of the day, the data is going to
really call the tune. Uh, we do need the
government to reopen. In the meantime,
we do have private sector data, and I I
think that is useful. It's not the gold
standard, but it's useful. But I think
at the end of the day, we'll see what
the data tell us. That will clear up
things greatly.
>> Look, we hope because we've been looking
at a low churn labor market for years
now, not months. And I think it's to
state the obvious that this cuts one way
or the other. But it's difficult to know
which way this breaks. We have equity
investors on the program who believe the
worst of it is behind us and 2026 is
going to deliver a reaceleration. If
that's the case, half the committee is
going to look really, really stupid. And
if they're wrong, the other half is
in about 12 months time, we'll look back
and say, "It was all so obvious 12
months ago. How did they get it so
wrong?"
>> To me, the message is going to be it's
not obvious. This is the biggest muddle
I've ever seen. And frankly, I think a
lot of people are come on trying to come
up with some conviction. Their
conviction is to trade around the
margins. So, if there's enough of a dip
here, do the technical buying here
because there is such a lack of clarity
over which way this labor market's going
to break.
>> Kathy, good to see you in person, too.
This was nice. Thanks for being here.
Thank you.
>> We appreciate it. Thank you, Kathy Bosch
there of Nationwide. In the equity
market at the moment, pulling back on
the S&P 500 by about 1% about 47 minutes
away from the upping pal. Let's give an
update on stories worldwide. Here is
your Bloomberg brief. President Donald
Trump threatening to withhold federal
funding from New York City. A last ditch
effort to drive the city's voters to the
former New York governor Andrew Cuomo
and prevent Zoran [music] Mdani from
winning the mayor election. That's where
First Brands suing its founder Patrick
James for allegedly [music]
misappropriating hundreds of millions of
dollars. Lawyers for the company
alleging James borrowed funds on
fraudulent terms and diverted cash for
himself and his family. And finally,
Norway sovereign wealth fund coming out
against Elon Musk $1 trillion pay deal
at Tesla. The fund is planning to vote
against the package saying it is worried
about the size. Norway's $2 trillion
fund is among Tesla's top 10
shareholders. More on that story
throughout the week. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Up next, we'll set you
up for the day ahead. Plus, we'll catch
up with Bloomberg's Michael B with the
latest tech rally on pause. Palance here
down in the pre-market. Equities down
across the board on the S&P 500 negative
by 1%.
[music]
>> [music]
>> financial traditions are very easy. So
in that sense, companies especially in
the AI space, they're not borrowing as a
function of the Fed funds rate. They're
borrowing as a function of equity
prices. And given where equity prices
are for the Magnificent 7, that's very
importantly coming a very significant
tailwind still [music] to the economy.
Tossson of Apollo following Alphabet's
big issue yesterday. $17.5 billion bond
issue, $90 billion order book. Just
stellar, absolutely stellar demand for
that. And likewise, Meta last week sent
it from Oracle in September. It's just
been building now for months.
>> If there is demand, supply will [music]
come. At least that is the Wall Street
rule. And that's what we're seeing in
the credit markets because there is a
lot of demand, a lot of cash, which is
looking for income. And a lot of these
tech players are saying we are happy to
give you that income because it is
peanuts for us and we need to build out
huge data centers and that's what's
going on in credit.
>> We'll get into the competition between
credit and treasuries and the broader
[music] fixed income environment in just
a moment as we count you down to the
open and bound. Equity futures at the
moment down by about 1% on the S&P with
the cash open about 50 minutes away 41
minutes away to be precise. On the last
100 we're down by 1.5% on the Russell
[music] we're down by 1.4. That's the
price action. Here's the day ahead and a
trading diary for the week ahead, too.
Today, election day in America, key
races in New York City, New Jersey,
Virginia. Elsewhere, earnings from AMD
after the close. On Wednesday, more
data, ADP data, ISM services, and
earnings from Qualcomm. Plus, a Supreme
Court hearing on President Trump's
tariffs. Thursday, a Bank of England
rate decision and a slew of Fed speak.
More to come, believe it or not. On
Friday, UMIC consumer sentiment going
into the weekend, [music] going into the
opening bell, let's stick with markets.
The rally on pause leading up to the
cash open with Wall Street bosses
warning the tech valuations may be too
high. Bloomberg's Michael B joins us now
for more. Michael, good morning. It's
good to see you. Morning.
>> Thanks for dropping by. Look, we've got
some push back and it's interesting to
get the push back when we get good news
and Palanteer is a decent example of
that this morning.
>> Yeah, here we go again. We had this last
week a lot of beats and yet the next day
the trading was underperforming the S&P
and Palunteer clearly doing that this
morning showing that the price was
already a little too high and the
results were baked in and although they
met on all metrics in many ways people
were stretched.
>> Is something building here Michael
Palanteer this morning meta last week
Lisa was mentioning we're not getting
push back in the credit market but are
we seeing push back in equities to the
valuations? Yeah, I think so. And I
think everything is actually going kind
of as planned because the numbers are
really good and it is showing there is
something tangible here. We're not yet
at a point where the narrative is
becoming decoupled from fundamentals.
There is a strong story here for growth
in the AI sort of world and it's going
to be going on for a while still. But as
always, equity markets tend to get ahead
of things whereas credit can be more
constrained and that's why we're seeing
some of these massive pullbacks after
earnings where you're buying kind of
into it. you're stretched with either
call skew going up or people generally
being over long and then boom you get
your results, you take your profit or
you know it just basically means uh you
were you were in a weaker hand.
>> It feels like there's a technical
underpinning here too because a lot of
the momentum trades have been flagging
over the past couple of weeks. I'm
talking about Bitcoin and gold and we're
seeing you know a reversal of a number
of these trends in addition to some of
the meme stocks that have arisen in over
late. I'm just wondering is this a
technical trade or is this something
that has legs? I mean, is there
something built in the pipeline that you
could see pushing this trade continue to
to to drive this market lower just on
the basis of positioning?
>> Yeah, I think it is a little bit
technical because positioning like we
just said was stretched and I saw that
often in the option markets when you'd
have all up spot up days which
indicating people were buying into sort
of a higher VIX and bidding up the ball
aspect of that. Not to get too technical
on that, but to me it means just weaker
hands. And again, this is what we see
when we have the sell-offs off the
earnings results. But as far as the
fundamental story, no, I think there is
a tangible story. I think there will be
es and flows as we've heard from other
guests this morning. And ultimately
where it goes, anyone, you know, can
guess this is such a pivotal new thing.
>> Another way of saying this is how much
more unwind is there, right? So how how
are are hands still weak, right? Is
there still more to go for people to get
blown out of their positions?
>> Right? So I guess as we've gone through
most of these earnings now one would
think that as most of the bell weather
mega caps have resulted you've now
cleared out positioning better from what
I see on the screen call skew has come
off put is back so people are bidding up
downside protection creating a floor at
least at the index level and individual
stocks are a little bit different so we
don't need to go into that but yeah I
think we've seen a little bit of froth
come out does that mean there's more to
go yes but what are the catalysts next
that's what I've been questioning and
I'm not quite sure
>> should we turn to credit just briefly
the amount of issuance we've had
Alphabet Meta Oracle before that. Do you
think this was pushing treasuries around
yesterday?
>> Yeah, I had a couple conversations with
traders. They're definitely worried
about the longer term theme of being
crowded out. Interestingly, now we have
kind of a riskoff bid back into
treasuries. Uh so that should work in
favor. But yeah, look, there's a lot of
paper coming and you know, when you
start talking about some of these 40
50-year deals at the sizes they're
coming in, that's going to impact and
that's going to affect auctions in the
future.
>> How helpful is it that the Fed's ending
QT?
>> It's actually pretty helpful for the
front end. We've clearly seen a lot of
kind of volatility there. That's put the
basis trade again back in focus as kind
of you can't really have repo val. Um
you know they're going to be buying a
lot of bills. So let's be clear this
isn't necessarily going to make its way
out the curve as they come in with open
market operations. It's going to be very
billheavy as we would expect. But it
does set a level on the kind of the rate
ball complex in the front end that will
help benefit the curve. Can we just say
that the sell America trade has ended
and is dead and that is buried because
what we're seeing right now is people
going into treasuries as a haven trade
again not even questioning it dollar
this morning
>> the dollar this morning at 100
>> right the the dollar spot index at the
highest level going back to May
>> is this the end of that
>> yeah it's a great question and you know
everybody's sort of tuned out President
Trump in a lot of ways as we've come
through now the tariff noise with China
finally being kind of the last big leg
there obviously there's still some more
details to be hashed out and that's what
really kicked it off, right? Cuz we're
going to attack our capital accounts and
that's was sort of this Steven Myron
plan to come in. Now, he's obviously
changed roles now and change his tune.
But overall, that story now has
definitely come off. And we just real
quick, we haven't seen sovereign wealth
fund. We haven't seen these other tools
that the administration was going to use
to basically affect our trade account,
which would then be the sell America
kind of oomph.
>> So, has that been unwound in terms of
the pent up shorting and the hedging and
the ways that people are trying to do it
without actually having to sell US
assets? I mean, has that been
>> that's the question because we were all
still expecting a lot of hedging from
some of the pensions and some of the
bigger institutional money in Canada and
Europe. I, you know, look, that's slow
moving and we don't really get a sense
of when that comes in. But to your
point, is that done? Maybe, maybe not.
Now that we've seen some strength in the
dollar, there's probably less urgency.
Who knows what those conversations are
around the board, but again, it takes a
while for these decisions to be made.
>> Michael, good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Michael B there of
Bloomberg breaking down some of the
price action. It was like a heartbeat in
April, wasn't it? Sell America. Here we
are six, seven months later. It's like
the world's moved on again.
>> Well, people were saying it in a lot of
board meetings, especially outside of
the US. They were angry. But those
conversations are we should probably
diversify. Okay. And then maybe we'll
take it up in 6 months. And so now the 6
months is coming up. And now the
question is, do you actually do it?
>> Price action shapes narratives. We had
this like massive outperformance in the
rest of the world, Europe, European
banks to be very very precise at the
very start of the year and that collided
with this conversation about sell
America. Here we are 40% rally later
that's gone
>> especially with the AI trade and how
much does that dominate everything else.
>> Coming up tomorrow, Cameron Dawson of
New Edge Wealth, Jim Zouta of Apollo,
Matt Stucky of Northwestern Mutual, Mike
Gapen of Morgan [music] Stanley. Looking
forward to seeing you tomorrow morning
from New York City. Good morning.
Day three at the WTA finals in Riyad.
Elena Rabbaka clinched her spot in the
semis with an impressive three- set win
over Egante. The number six seed
continuing her excellent run of form.
Amanda Anisimova kept her hopes of
advancing alive as she won the
all-American matchup against Madison
Keys. The defeat eliminates Keys from
the tournament. Anisamova will face Ego
Schwante for a spot [music] in the final
four.